
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.132181                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                132181337625                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               697479769452                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 295175                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   376200                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2092627                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67766468                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 63165.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18644838969                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23762751048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2669568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2813824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      5204736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2819712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      5208192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2670464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2671360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4437504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1800832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4415232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2681984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2815232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2665344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      5191296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2672640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      5201408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             56015744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12104704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          12104704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        20856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        21983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        40662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        22029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        40689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        20863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        20870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        34668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        14069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        34494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        20953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        21994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        20823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        40557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        20880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        40636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                437623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           94568                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                94568                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        33893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20196255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        36798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21287604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        36798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     39375725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        38735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21332149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        37766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39401871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        33893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20203034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        33893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     20209812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        35830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     33571335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        38735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13623950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        36798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33402839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        35830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20290187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        34861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21298256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        33893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20164299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        36798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39274046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        36798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20219496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        36798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39350547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               423779521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        33893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        36798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        36798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        38735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        37766                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        33893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        33893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        35830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        38735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        36798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        35830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        34861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        33893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        36798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        36798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        36798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             578115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          91576498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               91576498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          91576498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        33893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20196255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        36798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21287604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        36798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     39375725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        38735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21332149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        37766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39401871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        33893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20203034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        33893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     20209812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        35830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     33571335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        38735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13623950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        36798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33402839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        35830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20290187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        34861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21298256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        33893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20164299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        36798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39274046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        36798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20219496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        36798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39350547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              515356019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              316981626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21814892                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19471589                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739719                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14453214                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14213721                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310586                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52061                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230344348                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123943179                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21814892                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15524307                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27624234                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5722835                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9538499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13942120                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707634                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    271480436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      243856202     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4204335      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2136589      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4160715      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1333118      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3842477      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         606830      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         989089      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10351081      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    271480436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068821                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.391011                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228330110                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11605725                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27569178                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22466                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3952953                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2065380                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138659155                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38327                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3952953                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228561425                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       7507188                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      3361687                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27337968                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       759211                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138454151                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       107934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       570536                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181474181                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627560145                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627560145                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34439851                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18587                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9397                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1800974                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24953761                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4065862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26181                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       923993                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137741036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18650                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128941870                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83129                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24973641                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51125035                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271480436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214989114     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17742956      6.54%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18937191      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10955332      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5679473      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1423320      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680546      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39264      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33240      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271480436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215658     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88562     23.47%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73075     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101120959     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012989      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22766843     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4031889      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128941870                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.406780                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377295                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529824600                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162733655                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125659726                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129319165                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102329                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5115696                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          118                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          336                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99918                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3952953                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6674160                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92210                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137759784                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24953761                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4065862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9393                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        45997                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2662                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          336                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171754                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671608                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1843362                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127311121                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22445498                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1630749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26477192                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19343225                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4031694                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.401636                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125688531                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125659726                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76024617                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165706949                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.396426                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458790                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25149346                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18533                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1728872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267527483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225572897     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16498732      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10565961      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352605      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5531169      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1082322      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       685905      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627337      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610555      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267527483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838061                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3610555                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          401681881                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279486769                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5144502                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              45501190                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615984                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.169816                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.169816                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.315476                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.315476                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591720402                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163746357                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147221669                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              316981624                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23279363                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19089538                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2275963                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9587579                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9090255                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2387632                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102460                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222049284                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            132319712                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23279363                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     11477887                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            29098463                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6474409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     20412042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13679864                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2261274                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    275719945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      246621482     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3155242      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        3648539      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2004967      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2303489      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1270022      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         867457      0.31%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2256043      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13592704      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    275719945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073441                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.417437                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      220238350                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     22257088                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        28854240                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles       231282                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      4138981                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3780223                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        21176                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    161511068                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts       104642                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      4138981                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      220591341                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       7636543                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     13628986                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        28743145                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       980945                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    161411495                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       254156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       451940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    224313823                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    751509773                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    751509773                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    191518479                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       32795344                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        41986                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23324                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2621404                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15399785                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8391675                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222251                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1864153                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        161156355                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42058                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       152290969                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       214248                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20153781                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46592694                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4441                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    275719945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211556817     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25803461      9.36%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13861779      5.03%     91.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9602726      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8394257      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4292403      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1041712      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       667863      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       498927      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    275719945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39260     12.09%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       138526     42.65%     54.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147004     45.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127478639     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2382381      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18651      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14078798      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8332500      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    152290969                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.480441                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            324790                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002133                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    580840921                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181353627                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149762614                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    152615759                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       384390                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2710868                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          931                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1438                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       182850                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9329                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3272                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      4138981                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       7092479                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       169750                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161198546                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        73662                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15399785                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8391675                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23269                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       118554                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1438                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1319512                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1277103                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2596615                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150048258                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13222279                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2242711                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21552921                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       20996752                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8330642                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.473366                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            149764924                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           149762614                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        89006460                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       233136319                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.472465                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381779                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112464132                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    137979659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23220671                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37617                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2288915                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    271580964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.508061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215212749     79.24%     79.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26138951      9.62%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10955023      4.03%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6586664      2.43%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4554017      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2945432      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1525039      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1227504      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2435585      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    271580964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    112464132                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    137979659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20897742                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12688917                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             18768                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         19748514                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       124392874                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2807203                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2435585                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          430344955                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         326539718                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3398935                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              41261679                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         112464132                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           137979659                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    112464132                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.818513                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.818513                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.354797                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.354797                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      676832991                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     207849497                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     150740162                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        37582                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              316981626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       21449705                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19355124                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1119354                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8130762                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7680526                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1182736                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49529                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227590763                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            134791863                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          21449705                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      8863262                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            26668495                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       3528376                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     31490235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13052563                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1124328                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    288130475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      261461980     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         951484      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1952951      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         830780      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        4430027      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3946525      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         764307      0.27%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1593321      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       12199100      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    288130475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067669                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.425236                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      225256107                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     33838622                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        26570096                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        85105                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2380540                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1882826                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          447                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    158061172                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2444                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2380540                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      225554223                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles      31434350                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1378399                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        26391699                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       991259                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    157973780                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       507876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       325644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents        11295                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    185421762                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    743987420                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    743987420                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    164533767                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       20887988                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        18342                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9261                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2283399                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     37283341                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     18865012                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173055                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       917118                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        157673170                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18399                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       151582070                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        91654                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12162599                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29204888                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           98                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    288130475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233700190     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16614602      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13438520      4.66%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5816999      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7269038      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6879291      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3908106      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311644      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       192085      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    288130475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        380831     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2912559     86.21%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84902      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     95069210     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1323332      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9077      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36366681     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18813770     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    151582070                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.478205                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3378292                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022287                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594764558                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169858121                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150287010                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    154960362                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273863                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1440061                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          581                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3963                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       123522                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13358                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2380540                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles      30673199                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       292909                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157691667                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1567                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37283341                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18865012                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9263                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       181446                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          118                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3963                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       653922                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       660445                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1314367                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150531035                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36244783                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1051032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           55056713                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19725262                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         18811930                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.474889                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            150290940                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           150287010                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        81176593                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       160190302                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.474119                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506751                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    122128417                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    143522004                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14187118                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1144108                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285749935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233505631     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19223563      6.73%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8951120      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8814177      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2436525      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10084233      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       765580      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559923      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1409183      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285749935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    122128417                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    143522004                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             54584767                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            35843277                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              9136                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         18952261                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       127626053                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1390107                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1409183                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          442049497                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         317799012                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4881738                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              28851151                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         122128417                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           143522004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    122128417                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.595478                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.595478                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.385285                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.385285                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      744182822                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     174501910                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     188221480                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        18272                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              316981626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       23285836                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19093822                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2276440                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9612968                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9098020                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2387849                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102388                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222150234                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            132347608                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          23285836                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     11485869                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            29105486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6470848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     20355853                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13684305                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2261945                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    275767728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      246662242     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        3156345      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        3648912      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2004094      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2308864      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1270193      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         868669      0.32%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        2255451      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       13592958      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    275767728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073461                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.417525                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      220347306                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     22192734                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        28865270                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       227446                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      4134968                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3782235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        21188                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    161538508                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts       104184                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      4134968                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      220697310                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       7601172                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     13607708                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        28753591                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       972975                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    161440025                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          280                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       253229                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       448453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    224347259                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    751644925                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    751644925                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    191584314                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       32762926                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        41908                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2599770                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     15397152                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      8395074                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221187                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1867308                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        161187128                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41997                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       152319768                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       213447                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20140297                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46584215                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4368                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    275767728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211584710     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25814553      9.36%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13866874      5.03%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9608343      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8393999      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4292503      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1038802      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       668437      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       499507      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    275767728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39790     12.26%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       137578     42.37%     54.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147312     45.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127502386     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2382937      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18657      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14080617      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8335171      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    152319768                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.480532                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            324680                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002132                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    580945391                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181370868                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149801255                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    152644448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       383265                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2703890                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          930                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1450                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       183443                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9329                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3212                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      4134968                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       7043029                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       170133                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161229254                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        75049                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15397152                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8395074                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119257                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1450                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1319451                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1277275                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2596726                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150084933                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13225159                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2234835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           21558475                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       21003533                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          8333316                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473481                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            149803484                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           149801255                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        89020428                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       233165165                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472587                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381791                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112502741                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    138027028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23203716                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37629                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2289397                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    271632760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.508138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215245537     79.24%     79.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26146517      9.63%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10960026      4.03%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6588964      2.43%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4556712      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2945073      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1524579      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1228936      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2436416      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    271632760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    112502741                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    138027028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             20904893                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            12693262                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             18774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         19755300                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       124435559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2808160                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2436416                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          430426334                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         326596538                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3400281                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              41213898                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         112502741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           138027028                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    112502741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.817546                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.817546                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.354919                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.354919                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      677003933                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     207902369                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     150774509                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        37594                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              316981626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       21467855                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19370915                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1120614                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8127518                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7685670                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1185493                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49753                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227839045                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            134920787                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          21467855                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      8871163                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            26691804                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       3528545                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     31361027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13066427                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1125622                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    288271695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      261579891     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         951965      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1951971      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         831078      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        4433654      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3953840      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         767313      0.27%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1595891      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       12206092      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    288271695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.067726                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.425642                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      225465209                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     33748635                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        26593689                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        84778                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      2379379                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1884942                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          443                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    158204046                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      2379379                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      225765755                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles      31371206                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1344085                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        26413493                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       997772                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    158118791                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       510474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       328417                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents        12032                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    185601905                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    744691264                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    744691264                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    164704765                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       20897128                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        18350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9261                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2302358                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     37316807                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     18880682                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172789                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       916649                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        157818000                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18406                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       151724368                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        87565                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12152769                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29185345                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           89                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    288271695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233779335     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16641216      5.77%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13460185      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5817186      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7271092      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6885818      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3912752      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311634      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       192477      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    288271695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        381623     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2915146     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84955      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     95160951     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1324636      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9086      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36396471     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18833224     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    151724368                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.478654                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3381724                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022289                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    595189720                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169993148                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150434933                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    155106092                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273599                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1435619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          584                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3980                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       119422                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13375                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           58                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      2379379                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles      30603440                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       298688                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157836500                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1585                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37316807                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18880682                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9262                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       185066                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          120                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3980                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       653994                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       660587                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1314581                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150674349                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36277340                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1050019                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           55108797                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19745138                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         18831457                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.475341                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            150438846                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           150434933                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        81259838                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       160376897                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.474586                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506680                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    122256010                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    143671934                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14182078                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18317                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1145403                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285892316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233592184     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19245805      6.73%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8959697      3.13%     91.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8822892      3.09%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2441798      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10092114      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       765725      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       560861      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1411240      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285892316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    122256010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    143671934                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             54642441                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            35881181                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              9144                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18972081                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       127759337                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1391550                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1411240                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          442334711                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         318087621                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4887610                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              28709931                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         122256010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           143671934                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    122256010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.592769                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.592769                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.385688                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.385688                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      744909146                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     174675647                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     188405647                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        18288                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              316981621                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       21819598                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19477116                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739298                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14502483                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14221688                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311379                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52285                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230446359                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            123972154                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          21819598                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     15533067                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            27631857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5721417                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      9367739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13947133                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707275                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    271418311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      243786454     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        4206119      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2134642      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        4162033      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1336398      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3844978      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         609223      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         987625      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10350839      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    271418311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068836                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.391102                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      228432249                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     11434918                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        27577108                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        22097                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3951935                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      2064066                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        20391                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    138688284                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        38394                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3951935                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      228663476                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       7410497                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      3288024                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        27345891                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       758484                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    138485645                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       107540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       570494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    181514110                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    627706579                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    627706579                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    147084661                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       34429449                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        18604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9412                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1798130                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     24962435                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      4067963                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26494                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       928175                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        137773508                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18666                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       128976247                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82782                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24965707                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51115590                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271418311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214907110     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17748673      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18946773      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10963621      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5677969      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1419708      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1681731      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39445      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33281      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271418311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215504     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88604     23.51%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72800     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101145935     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012981      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9192      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22774735     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4033404      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    128976247                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.406889                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376908                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529830495                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162758213                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125695910                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    129353155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102825                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5115410                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          144                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          341                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101145                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3951935                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       6579564                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92478                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137792274                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24962435                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067963                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9406                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46300                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2651                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          341                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173495                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       670713                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1844208                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127346396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22453814                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1629851                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           26487027                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19348720                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          4033213                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.401747                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            125725137                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           125695910                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        76046061                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       165742124                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.396540                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.458822                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100037303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    112656014                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25141809                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18538                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1728440                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267466376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225497328     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16504656      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10570651      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352619      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5533075      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081614      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686037      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627561      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3612835      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267466376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    100037303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    112656014                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             23813843                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            19847025                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17274235                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        98470580                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1412438                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3612835                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          401650987                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         279550702                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               5145601                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              45563310                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         100037303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           112656014                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    100037303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.168634                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.168634                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.315593                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.315593                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      591895620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     163791225                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     147261007                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        18520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              316981626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       21807588                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19465118                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1738038                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14453585                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14207717                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1309557                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52053                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230244950                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            123902241                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          21807588                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     15517274                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            27613521                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5718985                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      9509581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13935407                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1706016                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    271339240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      243725719     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        4204139      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2133268      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        4157601      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1333826      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3839454      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         607632      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         989214      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10348387      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    271339240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068798                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.390881                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      228231647                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     11575828                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        27558672                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        22301                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3950788                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      2064807                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        20370                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    138614667                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        38296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3950788                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      228462966                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       7471714                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      3367983                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        27327343                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       758442                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    138410183                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       107338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       570516                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    181420864                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    627365673                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    627365673                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    146987764                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       34433077                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        18592                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9404                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1798828                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     24943871                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      4065105                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26108                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       926057                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        137698453                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18655                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       128897466                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82796                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24966787                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51121474                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271339240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214869438     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17735029      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18927466      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10954868      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5677846      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1421640      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680507      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39293      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33153      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271339240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215418     57.12%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88666     23.51%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73067     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101089797     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012765      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9188      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22754480     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4031236      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    128897466                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.406640                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377151                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529594115                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162684232                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125618643                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    129274617                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102452                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5113770                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          342                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100036                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3950788                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       6642375                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92552                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137717206                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18357                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24943871                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4065105                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9399                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46423                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2634                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          342                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1170791                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671893                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1842684                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127266811                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22433661                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1630651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           26464700                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       19337088                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          4031039                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.401496                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            125647229                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           125618643                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        76000390                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       165661267                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.396296                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458770                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99965980                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    112579208                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25143566                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18530                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1727185                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267388452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225447559     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16493497      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10562918      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3351078      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5529062      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081563      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686175      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627272      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3609328      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267388452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     99965980                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    112579208                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             23795164                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            19830095                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              9245                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17262147                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        98404497                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1411813                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3609328                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          401501521                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         279399514                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               5141579                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              45642386                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          99965980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           112579208                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     99965980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.170895                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.170895                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.315368                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.315368                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      591512891                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     163695510                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     147171825                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        18512                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              316981626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       22285881                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18221911                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2177786                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9408770                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8815572                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2295383                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216571034                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            126367665                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          22285881                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     11110955                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            26494823                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6297442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      9984988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13313790                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2192051                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    257122296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      230627473     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1433276      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2270249      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3606467      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1507768      0.59%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1692783      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1779503      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1173613      0.46%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13031164      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    257122296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.070307                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.398659                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      214542346                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     12029837                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        26412462                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        66695                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      4070954                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3656925                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          476                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    154333680                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         3124                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      4070954                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      214851732                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2418518                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      8653271                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        26175377                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       952442                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    154239692                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents        45839                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       263579                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       343984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        80128                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    214117511                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    717474080                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    717474080                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    183129360                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       30988151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        39923                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22215                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2772646                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14711175                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7912848                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       239095                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1796533                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        154043354                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40041                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       145974384                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183544                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19211308                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42582082                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4336                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257122296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195511685     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24759777      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13532006      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9208711      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8603177      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2482102      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1920582      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       656296      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       447960      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257122296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33966     12.68%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       102381     38.22%     50.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131496     49.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122287015     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2303807      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17703      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13494472      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7871387      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    145974384                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.460514                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            267843                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    549522451                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173296309                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143646740                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    146242227                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       444401                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2625859                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          418                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1637                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       230737                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9078                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      4070954                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1504426                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       131597                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    154083542                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10104                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14711175                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7912848                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22205                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97070                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1637                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1277046                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1237360                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2514406                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143910320                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12697601                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2064064                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 147                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20567057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       20265115                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7869456                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.454002                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            143647641                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           143646740                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        83985914                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       219332432                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.453171                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382916                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107565950                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    131846365                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22237710                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35705                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2224438                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253051342                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199532419     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25915595     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10090046      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5437566      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4074141      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2272334      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1400442      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1253298      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3075501      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253051342                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    107565950                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    131846365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19767427                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            12085316                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17814                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18925775                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       118803169                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2678100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3075501                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          404059201                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         312239330                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3506132                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              59859330                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         107565950                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           131846365                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    107565950                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.946858                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.946858                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.339344                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.339344                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      648983454                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     199115941                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     143967379                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        35672                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              316981626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       24572708                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20105362                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2394421                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10182655                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9678570                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2538659                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109446                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236453964                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            137424560                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          24572708                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     12217229                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            28687313                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6535993                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     12660598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        14463675                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2396333                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    281912571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      253225258     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1341062      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2123896      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2874052      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2959032      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2505124      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1413442      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        2077785      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       13392920      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    281912571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077521                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.433541                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      234018078                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     15118014                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        28633385                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        33097                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      4109996                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      4045783                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          392                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    168607949                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2028                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      4109996                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      234663654                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2162073                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     11464363                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        28028036                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1484446                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    168543473                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       221863                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       636088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    235161523                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    784128963                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    784128963                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    203940782                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       31220741                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        41710                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21664                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         4375707                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     15766087                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      8551699                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100493                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      2062890                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        168331751                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41860                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       159858899                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21967                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18594614                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44547997                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1434                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281912571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214248392     76.00%     76.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27841631      9.88%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14090183      5.00%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10621468      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8355008      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3386028      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2113831      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1108900      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       147130      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281912571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30247     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97232     36.67%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137665     51.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134441946     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2390103      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20044      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14481976      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8524830      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    159858899                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.504316                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            265144                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    601917480                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186968870                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157482902                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    160124043                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       328485                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2517852                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          648                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       123889                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      4109996                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1800263                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145486                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168373776                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        67844                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15766087                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8551699                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21666                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122528                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          648                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1392331                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1345761                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2738092                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157675049                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13629395                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2183850                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 165                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           22153900                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       22405817                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          8524505                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.497426                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            157483164                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           157482902                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        90396613                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       243582351                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.496820                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371113                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118885075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    146286011                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22087803                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40426                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2424785                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277802575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217772588     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29759674     10.71%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11234848      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5362332      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4528517      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2589595      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2254748      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1023070      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3277203      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277802575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    118885075                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    146286011                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             21676045                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            13248235                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             20168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         21094972                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       131801505                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      3012294                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3277203                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          442898380                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         340857691                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3579490                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              35069055                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         118885075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           146286011                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    118885075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.666286                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.666286                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.375054                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.375054                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      709666436                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     219361823                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     156324504                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        40392                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              316981626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22224898                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18173794                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2172754                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9430731                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8792420                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2288199                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96830                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    215883863                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            126010566                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22224898                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     11080619                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            26424131                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       6288167                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      9961609                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13273592                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2186874                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    256336971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      229912840     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1436477      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2263010      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3593220      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1505720      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1689379      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1775156      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1162296      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12998873      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    256336971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070114                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.397533                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      213863710                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     11997704                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        26342400                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        66282                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      4066873                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3645386                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    153896081                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3128                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      4066873                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      214178786                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2457954                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      8583741                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        26099059                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       950556                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    153794242                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        38652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       262359                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       342409                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        81377                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    213489080                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    715413246                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    715413246                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    182500542                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       30988532                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        39880                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22236                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2764940                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     14672905                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7885744                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       237815                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1788751                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        153579261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39998                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       145501395                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183910                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19222422                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42626685                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256336971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    194927314     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24682011      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13488452      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9172764      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8574068      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2475926      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1913587      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       656028      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446821      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256336971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33722     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       101886     38.19%     50.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131183     49.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121888470     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2296004      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17642      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13455293      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7843986      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    145501395                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.459022                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            266791                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    547790462                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    172843275                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143175634                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    145768186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       439529                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2629013                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          417                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1623                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       229935                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9040                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      4066873                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1550599                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       130855                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    153619410                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        60861                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14672905                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7885744                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22226                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96185                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1623                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1272099                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1236388                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2508487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143441337                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12657692                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2060058                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 151                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20499753                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       20197264                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7842061                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.452523                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            143176557                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           143175634                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        83714942                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       218642155                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.451684                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382886                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107196554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    131393811                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22226096                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35581                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2219241                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252270098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    198933425     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25827926     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10055819      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5419191      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4059849      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2264727      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1395270      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1249105      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3064786      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252270098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    107196554                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    131393811                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             19699697                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            12043888                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18860828                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       118395394                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2668924                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3064786                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          402824504                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         311306913                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3496843                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              60644655                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         107196554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           131393811                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    107196554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.957013                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.957013                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.338179                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.338179                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      646872454                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     198463306                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     143550170                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        35548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              316981626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       21865568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19518044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1743948                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14517416                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14251638                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1313599                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230943243                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            124240116                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          21865568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     15565237                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            27691145                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5738251                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      9380356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13978197                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1711876                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    271999262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      244308117     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        4215320      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2139548      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        4171223      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1338442      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3852754      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         609602      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         989911      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10374345      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    271999262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068981                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.391947                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      228926589                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     11450148                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        27636239                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        22210                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3964072                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      2068783                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        20416                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    138987894                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        38458                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3964072                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      229158231                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       7413393                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      3299462                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        27404759                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       759341                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    138783625                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          266                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       106975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       571767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    181895858                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    629054246                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    629054246                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    147365905                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       34529933                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        18636                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9428                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1800570                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     25021189                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      4074878                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26278                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       928251                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        138071358                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18701                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       129243043                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83007                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25045450                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51302416                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271999262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215373537     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17784751      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18983807      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10984482      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5690213      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1424592      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1685037      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39546      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33297      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271999262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215800     57.11%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88893     23.53%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73173     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101351818     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1015173      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9208      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22826647     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4040197      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    129243043                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.407730                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377866                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    530946221                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    163135841                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125952791                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    129620909                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101223                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5133306                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          341                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101185                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3964072                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       6581724                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92758                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138090164                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18398                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     25021189                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4074878                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9424                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46530                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2640                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          341                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1176018                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672679                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1848697                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127608584                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22502992                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1634459                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 105                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           26542982                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19387982                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          4039990                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.402574                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            125981909                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           125952791                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        76200863                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       166077596                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.397350                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458827                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100232834                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    112873486                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25222223                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18571                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1733078                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    268035190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225984405     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16536899      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10590899      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3358659      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5544304      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1084947      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       687313      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       629129      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3618635      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    268035190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    100232834                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    112873486                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             23861571                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            19887878                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              9265                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17307914                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        98659720                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1414882                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3618635                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          402511887                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         280158690                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               5158758                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              44982364                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         100232834                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           112873486                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    100232834                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.162453                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.162453                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.316210                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.316210                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      593113617                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     164121481                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     147576897                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        18554                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              316981626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       23257070                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19071013                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2273736                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9595686                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9085349                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2385847                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102015                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    221872321                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            132196859                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          23257070                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     11471196                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            29072168                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6465345                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     20539323                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13667516                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2258749                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    275637478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      246565310     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3150183      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        3646249      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2003164      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2304508      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1267443      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         869178      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        2254192      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       13577251      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    275637478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073370                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.417049                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      220070051                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     22375499                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        28830577                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       228852                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      4132495                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3776756                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        21173                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    161362718                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts       103951                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      4132495                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      220421181                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       7466325                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     13922663                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        28719412                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       975398                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    161261742                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       253404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       450474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    224100033                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    750822448                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    750822448                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    191350402                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       32749631                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        41964                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23309                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2602079                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     15380092                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      8386615                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220268                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1863868                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        161007418                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42028                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       152151617                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       213196                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20132824                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46542302                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4447                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    275637478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211527263     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25788565      9.36%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13848730      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9592216      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8385351      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4289190      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1039978      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       667758      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       498427      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    275637478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39983     12.31%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       138109     42.51%     54.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       146775     45.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127360301     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2380076      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18634      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14066088      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8326518      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    152151617                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.480001                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            324867                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002135                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    580478775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181183710                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149631563                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    152476484                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       383693                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2702225                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          960                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1444                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       184927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9318                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2856                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      4132495                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       6908722                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       169778                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161049575                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        73555                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15380092                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8386615                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23255                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       118518                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1444                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1317887                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1275675                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2593562                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149916087                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13210635                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2235530                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           21534941                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       20977342                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          8324306                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.472949                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            149633863                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           149631563                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        88921625                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       232919633                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472051                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381770                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112365552                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    137858824                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23192231                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37581                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2286765                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    271504983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215185483     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26115429      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10946283      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6582153      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4550018      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2942762      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1522765      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1226822      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2433268      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    271504983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    112365552                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    137858824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20879555                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            12677867                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             18750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         19731254                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       124283931                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2804758                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2433268                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          430122016                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         326234684                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3395821                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              41344148                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         112365552                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           137858824                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    112365552                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.820986                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.820986                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.354486                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.354486                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      676244470                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     207660759                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     150602941                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        37546                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              316981626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       21781749                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19443100                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1738000                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14460479                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14196532                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1308550                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52205                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230075316                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            123761802                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          21781749                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     15505082                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            27583451                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5717233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      9524700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13925499                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1705898                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    271152948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      243569497     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        4198742      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2131653      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        4154428      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1332431      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3837963      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         607409      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         987159      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10333666      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    271152948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068716                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.390438                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      228064451                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     11588422                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        27528751                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        22209                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3949111                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      2060987                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        20340                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    138450901                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        38287                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3949111                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      228295481                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       7505279                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      3348131                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        27297592                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       757350                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    138246253                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       107077                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       569614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    181198495                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    626612879                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    626612879                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    146794017                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       34404475                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        18577                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9405                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1795126                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     24920138                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      4058829                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26347                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       925548                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        137536461                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18643                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       128745486                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82596                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24949501                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51072270                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          141                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271152948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214744131     79.20%     79.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17716196      6.53%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18911502      6.97%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10941904      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5670873      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1418609      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1677269      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39289      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33175      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271152948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215069     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88371     23.49%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72741     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100965134     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1010977      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9173      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22735761     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4024441      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    128745486                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.406161                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376181                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529102697                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162504946                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125465980                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    129121667                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101056                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5109234                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          349                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100475                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3949111                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       6673715                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92098                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137555204                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24920138                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4058829                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9401                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46030                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2681                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          349                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172085                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       670281                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1842366                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127114100                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22414274                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1631386                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           26438513                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19312908                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          4024239                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.401014                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            125494826                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           125465980                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        75905351                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       165430645                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.395815                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.458835                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99844133                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    112435609                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25125175                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1727165                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267203837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225317580     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16471269      6.16%     90.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10549476      3.95%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3346865      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5521989      2.07%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080009      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       684815      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       626770      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3605064      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267203837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99844133                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    112435609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             23769256                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            19810902                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              9231                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17240718                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        98277073                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1409414                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3605064                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          401159180                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         279073838                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               5137833                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              45828678                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99844133                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           112435609                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99844133                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.174765                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.174765                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.314984                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.314984                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      590815734                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     163490694                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     147007811                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        18484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              316981626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       21386058                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19298075                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1124122                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8915468                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7683428                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1180254                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        50138                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227209328                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            134371487                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          21386058                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      8863682                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            26608677                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       3525909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     31095955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13037140                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1129526                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    287287339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      260678662     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         956646      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1951609      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         831535      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        4424119      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3939801      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         772362      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1578865      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12153740      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    287287339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067468                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.423909                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      224890187                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     33428585                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        26511559                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        84054                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2372949                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1876155                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          434                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    157594770                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2379                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2372949                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      225181291                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles      31046844                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1374137                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        26338856                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       973257                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    157505493                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       501025                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       318181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        14971                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    184863454                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    741799791                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    741799791                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    164078377                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       20785059                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        18292                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9239                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2242596                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     37193438                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     18818824                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       171426                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       909206                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        157206186                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18347                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       151219189                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        92487                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12058291                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28718224                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287287339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526369                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    232948293     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16615245      5.78%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13423591      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5797808      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7239676      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6866201      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3893484      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311603      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191438      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287287339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        380003     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2905671     86.21%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84759      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94849364     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1317705      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9052      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36279572     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18763496     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    151219189                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.477060                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3370433                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022288                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593188637                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169286781                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149921369                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    154589622                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273707                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1450165                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          591                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3966                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       129609                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13315                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2372949                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles      30275902                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       291483                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157224628                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1638                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37193438                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18818824                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9239                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       180513                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          183                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3966                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       662397                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       656640                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1319037                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150166467                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36154162                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1052722                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           54915467                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19675241                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         18761305                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.473739                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            149925152                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           149921369                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        80986349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       159788327                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.472965                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506835                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121789599                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    143124009                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14117515                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1149242                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    284914390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    232806712     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19174606      6.73%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8933828      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8784822      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2432507      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10057365      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       763512      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558948      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1402090      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    284914390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    121789599                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    143124009                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             54432480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            35743270                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              9108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18899822                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       127272151                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1386312                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1402090                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          440753460                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         316856255                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4883679                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              29694287                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         121789599                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           143124009                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    121789599                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.602699                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.602699                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.384217                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.384217                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      742396289                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     174074553                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     187662453                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        18216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              316981626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       21835869                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19490897                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1741832                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14470639                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14227485                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1312168                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52238                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230614036                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            124070883                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          21835869                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     15539653                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            27650317                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5729670                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      9465965                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13957890                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1709785                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    271708372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      244058055     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        4208547      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2136435      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        4163669      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1334937      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3845758      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         608997      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         990412      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10361562      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    271708372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068887                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.391413                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      228595546                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     11537557                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        27595315                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        22328                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3957622                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      2066911                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        20402                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    138801190                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        38397                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3957622                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      228827244                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       7484706                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      3314244                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        27363393                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       761159                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    138598309                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          257                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       107816                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       572398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    181659900                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    628220216                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    628220216                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    147176170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       34483694                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        18624                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9426                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1804273                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     24982360                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      4069672                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26297                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       927458                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        137885617                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18685                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       129073967                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83620                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25008033                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51209911                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          136                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271708372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215157747     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17763997      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18954202      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10967942      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5686238      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1422920      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1682457      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39506      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33363      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271708372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215755     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88681     23.49%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73033     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101223568     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013849      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9198      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22791956     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4035396      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    129073967                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.407197                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377469                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    530317393                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162912686                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125785591                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    129451436                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101627                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5123637                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          357                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100293                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3957622                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       6651522                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92342                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137904403                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18354                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24982360                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4069672                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9420                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46183                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2605                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          357                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173406                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672943                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1846349                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127439910                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22469569                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1634055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 101                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           26504752                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19360793                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          4035183                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.402042                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            125814310                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           125785591                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        76098528                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       165875621                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.396823                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100098657                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    112725621                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25184280                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18549                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1730968                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267750750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225754922     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16515565      6.17%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10576079      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3355995      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5536037      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1083561      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686203      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628362      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3614026      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267750750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100098657                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    112725621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             23828094                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            19858715                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              9255                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17284892                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        98531530                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1413351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3614026                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          402046248                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         279780601                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               5148905                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              45273254                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100098657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           112725621                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100098657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.166692                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.166692                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.315787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.315787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      592324633                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     163911277                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     147372663                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        18530                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              316981626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       21423560                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19332694                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1124390                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8450588                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7686342                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1180022                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49814                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227477074                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            134611892                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          21423560                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      8866364                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            26644695                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       3536732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     31372106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13050552                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1129739                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    287877909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      261233214     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         950937      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1957860      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         833262      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        4424164      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3937253      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         769253      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1588207      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12183759      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    287877909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067586                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.424668                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      225141748                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     33721001                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        26547047                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        84505                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      2383603                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1878974                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          434                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    157880558                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2401                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      2383603                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      225440386                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles      31350673                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1347227                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        26367929                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       988086                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    157789762                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          486                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       500675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       325189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        15907                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    185198230                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    743102292                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    743102292                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    164313437                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       20884775                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        18314                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9247                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2279489                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     37250996                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     18849902                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       171936                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       912545                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        157487787                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       151447238                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        98376                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12142724                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29022197                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           97                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287877909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233472021     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16630395      5.78%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13431186      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5807241      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7257157      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6870879      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3905215      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       312085      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191730      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287877909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        380784     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2909749     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84901      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94988566     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1320244      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9065      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36339769     24.00%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18789594     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    151447238                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.477779                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3375434                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022288                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594246194                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169652872                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150139077                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    154822672                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272867                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1455441                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          599                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4001                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       133401                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13342                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           61                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      2383603                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles      30583950                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       293029                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157506254                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1657                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37250996                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18849902                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9247                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       182100                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          137                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4001                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       661579                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       658842                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1320421                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150391269                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36209809                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1055968                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           54997334                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19700798                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         18787525                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.474448                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            150142946                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           150139077                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        81092861                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       160002924                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.473652                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506821                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121965135                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    143329970                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14193747                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18272                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1149355                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285494306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233312660     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19202028      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8944749      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8799206      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2435381      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10071520      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       764411      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559572      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1404779      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285494306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    121965135                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    143329970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             54512053                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            35795555                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              9122                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18926879                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       127455275                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1388230                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1404779                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          441612880                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         317431276                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4884777                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              29103717                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         121965135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           143329970                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    121965135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.598953                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.598953                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.384770                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.384770                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      743474105                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     174339086                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     187975769                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        18244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        20891                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.830233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182907                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        22939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         7.973626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.781500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.561263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1678.050879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         338.436592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.819361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.165252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 41504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7639                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                7639                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  41586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41585                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 41586                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               20890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                20891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20856                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               20891                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56859036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16849468741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16906327777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       807833                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       807833                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56859036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16850276574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16907135610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56859036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16850276574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16907135610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             62394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7639                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            7639                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              62477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             62477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1624543.885714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807934.247950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 809302.430685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       807833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       807833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1624543.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807934.243096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 809302.360347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1624543.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807934.243096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 809302.360347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               2831                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    2831                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           20891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          20891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53786036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15017934256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15071720292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       720033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       720033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53786036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15018654289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15072440325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53786036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15018654289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15072440325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1536743.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 720111.927883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721480.148013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       720033                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       720033                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1536743.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 720111.924099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721480.078742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1536743.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 720111.924099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721480.078742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        22034                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.515556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         251552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        24082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        10.445644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          30.540186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.604669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1686.240713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         328.129989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.823360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.160220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 40961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               22231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  41134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41133                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 41134                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               22020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                22021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21983                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               22021                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70845151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18899764851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   18970610002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       348330                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       348330                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70845151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18900113181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    18970958332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70845151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18900113181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   18970958332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             62981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           22231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        63116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              63155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        63116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             63155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.005747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1864346.078947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 859783.679874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 861517.257130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       348330                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       348330                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1864346.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 859760.414002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861493.952682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1864346.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 859760.414002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861493.952682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks              11820                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                   11820                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          22020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           22021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          22021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67507809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16968979579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17036487388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       260530                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       260530                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67507809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16969240109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17036747918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67507809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16969240109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17036747918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1776521.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 771948.848103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773682.442688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       260530                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       260530                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1776521.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 771925.583815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773659.139821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1776521.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 771925.583815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773659.139821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        40700                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.931153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         225120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        42744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         5.266704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.660232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     1.437808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1845.976302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         196.856810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.901356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.096121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        48973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 48974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          15014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               15014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  38                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  49012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49011                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 49012                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        40611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               40649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        40662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                40700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        40662                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               40700                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63180252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  38380404816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38443585068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     87152156                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     87152156                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63180252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  38467556972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    38530737224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63180252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  38467556972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   38530737224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        89584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             89623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        15014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           15014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           89                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              89                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        89673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              89712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        89673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             89712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.453329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.573034                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.573034                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.453448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.453448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1662638.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 945074.113319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945744.915447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1708865.803922                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1708865.803922                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1662638.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 946032.093158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946701.160295                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1662638.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 946032.093158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946701.160295                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               6342                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    6342                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        40611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        40662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           40700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        40662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          40700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59842853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34814213282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34874056135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     82674356                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82674356                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59842853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34896887638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34956730491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59842853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34896887638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34956730491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.453329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.573034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.573034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.453448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.453448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1574811.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 857260.675236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857931.465350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1621065.803922                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1621065.803922                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1574811.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 858218.671930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858887.727052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1574811.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 858218.671930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858887.727052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        22083                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.519316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         251585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        24131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        10.425801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.754420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.596255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1685.293626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         329.875015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.822897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.161072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        40971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 40972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               22254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        41145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  41146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        41145                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 41146                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        22028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               22068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        22029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                22069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        22029                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               22069                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     74768467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18855526292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   18930294759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       291716                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       291716                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     74768467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18855818008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    18930586475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     74768467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18855818008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   18930586475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        62999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             63040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           22254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        63174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              63215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        63174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             63215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1869211.675000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 855979.947885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857816.510740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       291716                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       291716                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1869211.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 855954.333288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 857790.859350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1869211.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 855954.333288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 857790.859350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks              11806                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                   11806                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        22028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          22068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        22029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           22069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        22029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          22069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71256467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16920957955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16992214422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       203916                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       203916                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71256467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16921161871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16992418338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71256467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16921161871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16992418338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1781411.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 768156.798393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769993.403208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       203916                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       203916                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1781411.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 768131.184847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769967.752866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1781411.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 768131.184847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769967.752866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        40728                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.928749                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         225171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        42774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         5.264203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.637944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     1.610351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1846.197735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         196.482719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.901464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.095939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        49016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 49017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          15020                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               15020                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  37                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        49053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  49054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        49053                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 49054                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               40677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                40728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40689                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               40728                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     70254513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  38251869262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38322123775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     79969792                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     79969792                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     70254513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  38331839054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    38402093567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     70254513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  38331839054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   38402093567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        89654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             89694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        15020                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           15020                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              88                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        89742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              89782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        89742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             89782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.453276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.579545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.579545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.453400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.453400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1801397.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 941283.263497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942107.917865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1568035.137255                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1568035.137255                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1801397.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 942068.840571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 942891.710052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1801397.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 942068.840571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 942891.710052                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               6352                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    6352                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           40728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          40728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66830313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34683589777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34750420090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     75491992                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75491992                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66830313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34759081769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34825912082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66830313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34759081769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34825912082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.453276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.579545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.579545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.453400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.453400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1713597.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 853476.789630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854301.450205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1480235.137255                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1480235.137255                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1713597.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 854262.374819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855085.250491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1713597.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 854262.374819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855085.250491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        20898                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.835091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         182837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        22946                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         7.968143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.778369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.613106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1677.048997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         339.394620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.818872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.165720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 41448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7625                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                7625                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  41531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41530                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 41531                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               20897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                20898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20863                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               20898                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70876380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16791309085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16862185465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       781584                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       781584                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70876380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16792090669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    16862967049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70876380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16792090669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   16862967049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             62345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7625                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            7625                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              62429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             62429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2025039.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 804875.327629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 806918.957984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       781584                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       781584                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2025039.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 804874.211235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 806917.745669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2025039.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 804874.211235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 806917.745669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               2839                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    2839                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           20898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          20898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67802893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14959209825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15027012718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       693784                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       693784                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67802893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14959903609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15027706502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67802893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14959903609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15027706502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1937225.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717055.403365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719099.043786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       693784                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       693784                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1937225.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717054.287926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719097.832424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1937225.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717054.287926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719097.832424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        20905                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.827786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         182876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        22953                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         7.967412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.743754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.520084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1676.993793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         339.570155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.818845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.165806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 41473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7638                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                7638                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  41557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41556                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 41557                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               20905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                20905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20870                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               20905                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62383568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16908787459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16971171027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62383568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16908787459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    16971171027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62383568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16908787459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   16971171027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             62378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7638                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            7638                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              62462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             62462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1782387.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 810195.853330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811823.536331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1782387.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 810195.853330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811823.536331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1782387.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 810195.853330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811823.536331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               2835                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    2835                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           20905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          20905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59309140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15075723967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15135033107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59309140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15075723967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15135033107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59309140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15075723967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15135033107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1694546.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 722363.390848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723991.059890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1694546.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 722363.390848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723991.059890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1694546.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 722363.390848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723991.059890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        34712                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.618150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         185150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        36760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.036725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.507213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.431266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1673.020208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         358.659463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.816904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.175127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        43868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 43869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                9067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        43984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  43985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        43984                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 43985                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               34675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                34705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34668                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               34705                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60226446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  32131815815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32192042261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     23013545                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23013545                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60226446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  32154829360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    32215055806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60226446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  32154829360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   32215055806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        78506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             78544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            9067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        78652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              78690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        78652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             78690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.440777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.440777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1627741.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 927646.394567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928393.432185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 767118.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 767118.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1627741.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 927507.481251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928254.021207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1627741.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 927507.481251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928254.021207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5256                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5256                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           34705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          34705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56976957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  29090207798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29147184755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     20379457                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20379457                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56976957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  29110587255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29167564212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56976957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  29110587255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29167564212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.440777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.440777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1539917.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 839835.088573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840582.112617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 679315.233333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 679315.233333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1539917.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 839696.182503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840442.708889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1539917.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 839696.182503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840442.708889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        14117                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.448038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         212043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        16165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        13.117414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.066652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     4.713191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1551.785981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         463.882215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.757708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.226505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 34263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10968                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               10968                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          182                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 182                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  34445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34443                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 34445                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               14110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                14110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14070                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               14110                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90584344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11463162336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11553746680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90584344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11463162336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    11553746680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90584344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11463162336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   11553746680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        48331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             48373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10968                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           10968                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          182                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             182                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        48513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              48555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        48513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             48555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2264608.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 814723.691258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818833.924876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2264608.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 814723.691258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818833.924876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2264608.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 814723.691258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818833.924876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               6287                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    6287                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           14109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          14109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87069110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10226014680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10313083790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87069110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10226014680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10313083790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87069110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10226014680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10313083790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2176727.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 726847.301159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730957.813452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2176727.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 726847.301159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730957.813452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2176727.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 726847.301159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730957.813452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        34539                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.619035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         184921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        36587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.054282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.516557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.716680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1674.568970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         358.816829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.817661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.175204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 43679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9028                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                9028                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  43795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43794                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 43795                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               34502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                34532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34494                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               34532                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54685440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  32534916140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32589601580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     27008884                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     27008884                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54685440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  32561925024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    32616610464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54685440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  32561925024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   32616610464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        78142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             78181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9028                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            9028                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        78288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              78327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        78288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             78327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.441043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.440604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.440604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1439090.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 944026.118268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944571.374993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 900296.133333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 900296.133333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1439090.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 943988.085580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944532.910460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1439090.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 943988.085580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944532.910460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5238                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5238                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           34532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          34532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51346832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29508109348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29559456180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     24374884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24374884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51346832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29532484232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29583831064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51346832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29532484232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29583831064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.441043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.440604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.440604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1351232.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 856200.944406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856746.164860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 812496.133333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812496.133333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1351232.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 856162.933612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856707.722229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1351232.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 856162.933612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856707.722229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        20990                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.832501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         183000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        23038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         7.943398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.435186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.744555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1678.280031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         338.372730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.819473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.165221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        41605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 41606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                7630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        41687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  41688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        41687                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 41688                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               20989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                20990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20953                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               20990                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54332533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16515339786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16569672319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       835703                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       835703                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54332533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16516175489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    16570508022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54332533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16516175489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   16570508022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             62595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            7630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              62678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             62678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1468446.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 788246.457904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 789445.534280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       835703                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       835703                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1468446.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 788248.722808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 789447.738066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1468446.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 788248.722808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 789447.738066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2846                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2846                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           20990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          20990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51083720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14675482740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14726566460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       747903                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       747903                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51083720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14676230643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14727314363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51083720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14676230643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14727314363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.334499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1380641.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 700433.502291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701632.591357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       747903                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       747903                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1380641.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 700435.767814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701634.795760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1380641.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 700435.767814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701634.795760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        22044                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.521250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         251479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        24092                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        10.438278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.739793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.369824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1683.148917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         332.262716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.821850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.162238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        40901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 40902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22218                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               22218                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        41075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  41076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        41075                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 41076                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               22030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                22031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21995                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               22031                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53292924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19054945710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   19108238634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1282475                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1282475                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53292924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19056228185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    19109521109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53292924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19056228185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   19109521109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        62895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             62932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22218                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           22218                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        63070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              63107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        63070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             63107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1480359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 866370.178685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 867373.519473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1282475                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1282475                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1480359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 866389.096840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 867392.361173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1480359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 866389.096840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 867392.361173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks              11780                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                   11780                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          22030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           22031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          22031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50129919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17123165849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17173295768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1194675                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1194675                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50129919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17124360524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17174490443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50129919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17124360524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17174490443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1392497.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 778538.048968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779541.342170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1194675                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1194675                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1392497.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 778556.968584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779560.185330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1392497.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 778556.968584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779560.185330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        20858                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.833296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         182791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        22906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         7.980049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.750673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.619459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1677.877634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         338.585530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.819276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.165325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        41401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 41402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7624                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                7624                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        41483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  41484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        41483                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 41484                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               20858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                20858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20823                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               20858                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     56364940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16979005562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17035370502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     56364940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16979005562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    17035370502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     56364940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16979005562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   17035370502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             62260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7624                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            7624                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              62342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             62342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1610426.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 815396.703741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816730.774859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1610426.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 815396.703741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816730.774859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1610426.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 815396.703741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816730.774859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               2829                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    2829                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           20858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          20858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53290805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15150099650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15203390455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53290805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15150099650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15203390455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53290805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15150099650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15203390455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1522594.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 727565.655765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728899.724566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1522594.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 727565.655765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728899.724566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1522594.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 727565.655765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728899.724566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        40595                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.932128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         224881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        42643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.273574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.630281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     1.509315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1846.128237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         196.664295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.901430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.096027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        48789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 48790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               14957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        48822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  48823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        48822                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 48823                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               40544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                40595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40557                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               40595                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60790802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  38559982274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38620773076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     85750154                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     85750154                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60790802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  38645732428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    38706523230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60790802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  38645732428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   38706523230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        89295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             89334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           14957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        89379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              89418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        89379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             89418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.607143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.607143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1599757.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 951957.297042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952564.450375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1681375.568627                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1681375.568627                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1599757.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 952874.532830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953480.064786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1599757.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 952874.532830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953480.064786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               6328                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    6328                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           40595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          40595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57454402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35002841951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35060296353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     81271735                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81271735                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57454402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35084113686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35141568088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57454402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35084113686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35141568088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1511957.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 864139.681800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864746.851643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1593563.431373                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1593563.431373                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1511957.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 865056.924477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865662.472915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1511957.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 865056.924477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865662.472915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        20918                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.833364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         182932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        22966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         7.965340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.780750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.848184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1678.834152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         337.370277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.819743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.164732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 41533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7635                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                7635                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  41615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41614                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 41615                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               20917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                20918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20880                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               20918                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73903097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16712395184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16786298281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1039936                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1039936                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73903097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16713435120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    16787338217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73903097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16713435120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   16787338217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             62450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7635                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            7635                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              62533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             62533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1944818.342105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 800440.403468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 802519.399579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1039936                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1039936                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1944818.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 800451.873563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 802530.749450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1944818.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 800451.873563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 802530.749450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               2837                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    2837                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           20918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          20918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70566697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14878711609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14949278306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       952136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       952136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70566697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14879663745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14950230442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70566697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14879663745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14950230442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1857018.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 712616.102735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714695.142994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       952136                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       952136                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1857018.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 712627.573994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714706.494024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1857018.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 712627.573994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714706.494024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        40674                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.932058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         225052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        42722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.267825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.643016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     1.560281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1845.744480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         196.984281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.901242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.096184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 48865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          15051                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               15051                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  48900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48899                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 48900                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               40625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                40674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40636                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               40674                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75469374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  38436074710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38511544084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     77336564                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     77336564                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75469374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  38513411274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    38588880648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75469374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  38513411274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   38588880648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        89451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             89490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        15051                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           15051                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        89535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              89574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        89535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             89574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.453734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.453856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.453856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1986036.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 947004.575603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947976.469760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1578297.224490                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1578297.224490                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1986036.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 947765.805542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948735.817672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1986036.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 947765.805542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948735.817672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               6342                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    6342                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           40674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          40674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72132974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34872068595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34944201569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     73033625                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73033625                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72132974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34945102220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35017235194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72132974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34945102220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35017235194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.453734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.453856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.453856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1898236.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 859193.056767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860164.961698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1490482.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490482.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1898236.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 859954.282410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860924.305306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1898236.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 859954.282410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860924.305306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.911013                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013974340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1801020.142096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.736682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   525.174332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.841626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13942071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13942071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13942071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13942071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13942071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13942071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     73548554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73548554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     73548554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73548554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     73548554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73548554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13942120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13942120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13942120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13942120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13942120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13942120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1500990.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1500990.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1500990.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1500990.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1500990.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1500990.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57219576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57219576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57219576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57219576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57219576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57219576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1589432.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1589432.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1589432.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1589432.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1589432.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1589432.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62441                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243201876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3879.003397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   199.391198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    56.608802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.778872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.221128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20492427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20492427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9313                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9313                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24439294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24439294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24439294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24439294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       219458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       219458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97503650594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97503650594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     37230966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37230966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97540881560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97540881560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97540881560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97540881560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20711529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20711529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9313                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9313                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24658752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24658752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24658752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24658752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 445014.881626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445014.881626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104581.365169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104581.365169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 444462.637771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444462.637771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 444462.637771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444462.637771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7639                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7639                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       157017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       157017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19743640370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19743640370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6122243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6122243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19749762613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19749762613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19749762613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19749762613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316617.601110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316617.601110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73761.963855                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73761.963855                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316294.784084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316294.784084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316294.784084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316294.784084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              520.158832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1088347641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2088959.003839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.158832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.061152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13679814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13679814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13679814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13679814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13679814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13679814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     87553035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87553035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     87553035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87553035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     87553035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87553035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13679864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13679864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13679864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13679864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13679864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13679864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1751060.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1751060.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1751060.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1751060.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1751060.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1751060.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71225656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71225656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71225656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71225656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71225656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71225656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1826298.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1826298.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1826298.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1826298.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1826298.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1826298.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                63116                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              186204391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                63372                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2938.275437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.251107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.748893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.915043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.084957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9648918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9648918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8163479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8163479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19945                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19945                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17812397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17812397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17812397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17812397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       215408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5220                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5220                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       220628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       220628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       220628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       220628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  90916189029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90916189029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3272755489                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3272755489                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  94188944518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  94188944518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  94188944518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  94188944518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9864326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9864326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8168699                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8168699                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19945                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19945                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18033025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18033025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18033025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18033025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000639                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 422065.053429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422065.053429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 626964.653065                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 626964.653065                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 426912.923645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426912.923645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 426912.923645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426912.923645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     40130092                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets            75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 535067.893333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           22231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       152466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       157512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       157512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        63116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        63116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21776843582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21776843582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11550746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11550746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21788394328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21788394328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21788394328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21788394328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 345982.707604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345982.707604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66383.597701                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66383.597701                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 345211.900754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345211.900754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 345211.900754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345211.900754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              576.339710                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1120579829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1925394.895189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    36.264972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.074739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.058117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.865504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.923621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13052511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13052511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13052511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13052511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13052511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13052511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79634481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79634481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79634481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79634481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79634481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79634481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13052563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13052563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13052563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13052563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13052563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13052563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1531432.326923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1531432.326923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1531432.326923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1531432.326923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1531432.326923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1531432.326923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63562553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63562553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63562553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63562553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63562553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63562553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1629809.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1629809.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1629809.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1629809.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1629809.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1629809.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                89673                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              488134859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                89929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5428.002747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.913531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.086469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     34188591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34188591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18722566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18722566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9136                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9136                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     52911157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       52911157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     52911157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      52911157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       328101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       328101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          379                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          379                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       328480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       328480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       328480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       328480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 159212714118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159212714118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    332889657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    332889657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 159545603775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 159545603775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 159545603775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 159545603775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     34516692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34516692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18722945                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18722945                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         9160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         9136                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9136                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     53239637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53239637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     53239637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53239637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485255.193120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 485255.193120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 878336.825858                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 878336.825858                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485708.730440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 485708.730440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485708.730440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 485708.730440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       254574                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       254574                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           15014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       238517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       238517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       238807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       238807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       238807                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       238807                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        89584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        89673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        89673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  42063113480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42063113480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     90173767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90173767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  42153287247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42153287247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  42153287247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42153287247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 469538.237632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469538.237632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1013188.393258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013188.393258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 470077.807668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 470077.807668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 470077.807668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 470077.807668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              520.924283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1088352076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2080979.112811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    39.825533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   481.098750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.063823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.770992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13684249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13684249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13684249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13684249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13684249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13684249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102811447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102811447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102811447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102811447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102811447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102811447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13684305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13684305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13684305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13684305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13684305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13684305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1835918.696429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1835918.696429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1835918.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1835918.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1835918.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1835918.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75167878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75167878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75167878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75167878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75167878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75167878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1833362.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833362.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1833362.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833362.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1833362.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833362.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                63174                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              186210121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                63430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              2935.679032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   234.251401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    21.748599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.915045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.084955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9651918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9651918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8166235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8166235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17818153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       17818153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17818153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      17818153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       215473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       220731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       220731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       220731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       220731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  90656097634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90656097634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3396901926                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3396901926                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  94052999560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  94052999560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  94052999560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  94052999560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9867391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9867391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8171493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8171493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18038884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18038884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18038884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18038884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 420730.660612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420730.660612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 646044.489540                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 646044.489540                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426097.827491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426097.827491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426097.827491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426097.827491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     37617132                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets            76                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 494962.263158                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           22254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       152474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       157557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       157557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        62999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        63174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        63174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21733861432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21733861432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11564803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11564803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21745426235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21745426235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21745426235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21745426235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 344987.403483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344987.403483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 66084.588571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66084.588571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 344214.807278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344214.807278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 344214.807278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344214.807278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              578.312036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1120593689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1922116.104631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    38.095536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   540.216499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.061051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.865732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13066371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13066371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13066371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13066371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13066371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13066371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97435161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97435161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97435161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97435161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97435161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97435161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13066427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13066427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13066427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13066427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13066427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13066427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1739913.589286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1739913.589286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1739913.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1739913.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1739913.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1739913.589286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     70644873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70644873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     70644873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70644873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     70644873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70644873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1766121.825000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766121.825000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1766121.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766121.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1766121.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766121.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                89742                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              488185711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                89998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5424.406220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.912126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.087874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     34219689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34219689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     18742315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18742315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9144                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9144                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     52962004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       52962004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     52962004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      52962004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       328280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       328280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          383                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          383                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       328663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       328663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       328663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       328663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 158577538676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 158577538676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    304227195                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    304227195                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 158881765871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 158881765871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 158881765871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 158881765871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     34547969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34547969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     18742698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18742698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         9157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         9144                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9144                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     53290667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53290667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     53290667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53290667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 483055.741063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 483055.741063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 794326.879896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 794326.879896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 483418.473850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 483418.473850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 483418.473850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 483418.473850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       219314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       219314                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           15020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       238626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       238626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       238921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       238921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       238921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       238921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        89654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        89742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        89742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  41938293056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41938293056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     82954129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82954129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  42021247185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42021247185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  42021247185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42021247185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 467779.385817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467779.385817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 942660.556818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 942660.556818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 468245.048974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 468245.048974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 468245.048974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 468245.048974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              560.319330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1013979357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1801029.053286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.214331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.104999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13947088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13947088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13947088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13947088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13947088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13947088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77164721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77164721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77164721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77164721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77164721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77164721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13947133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13947133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13947133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13947133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13947133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13947133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1714771.577778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1714771.577778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1714771.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1714771.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1714771.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1714771.577778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     71237159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71237159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     71237159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71237159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     71237159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71237159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1978809.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978809.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1978809.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978809.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1978809.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978809.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                62393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              243209996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                62649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3882.104998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   200.534195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    55.465805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.783337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.216663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20499672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20499672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3947724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9328                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9328                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     24447396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       24447396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     24447396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      24447396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       218849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       219217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       219217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       219217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       219217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  96992484750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96992484750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     37968076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37968076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  97030452826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97030452826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  97030452826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97030452826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20718521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20718521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3948092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9328                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9328                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     24666613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24666613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     24666613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24666613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 443193.639222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443193.639222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103174.119565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103174.119565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442622.847799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442622.847799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442622.847799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442622.847799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       156540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       156824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       156824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19681327379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19681327379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6165752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6165752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19687493131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19687493131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19687493131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19687493131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 315866.526168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315866.526168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 73401.809524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73401.809524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 315540.094738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315540.094738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 315540.094738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315540.094738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              559.700114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1013967627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1801008.218472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    34.559280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.140834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.055383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13935358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13935358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13935358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13935358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13935358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13935358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82457066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82457066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82457066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82457066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82457066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82457066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13935407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13935407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13935407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13935407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13935407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13935407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1682797.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1682797.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1682797.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1682797.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1682797.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1682797.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62754871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62754871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62754871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62754871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62754871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62754871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1743190.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1743190.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1743190.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1743190.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1743190.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1743190.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                62426                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              243189746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                62682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3879.738139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   199.387342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    56.612658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.778857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.221143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     20481182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20481182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3945979                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3945979                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9256                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9256                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     24427161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       24427161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     24427161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      24427161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       218970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       219342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       219342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       219342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       219342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  97565035881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97565035881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     40626152                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40626152                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  97605662033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97605662033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  97605662033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97605662033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     20700152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20700152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3946351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3946351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9256                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9256                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     24646503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24646503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     24646503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24646503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 445563.483039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445563.483039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109210.086022                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109210.086022                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 444993.033860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444993.033860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 444993.033860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444993.033860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7638                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7638                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       156628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       156916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       156916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19800405012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19800405012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5434452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5434452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19805839464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19805839464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19805839464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19805839464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 317609.396747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317609.396747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64695.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64695.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 317269.078012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317269.078012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 317269.078012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317269.078012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              527.077376                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1092500209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2069129.183712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    37.077376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.059419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13313732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13313732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13313732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13313732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13313732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13313732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91078952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91078952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91078952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91078952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91078952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91078952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13313790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13313790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13313790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13313790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13313790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13313790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1570326.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1570326.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1570326.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1570326.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1570326.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1570326.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60608870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60608870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60608870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60608870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60608870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60608870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1594970.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1594970.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1594970.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1594970.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1594970.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1594970.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                78652                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              194029372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                78908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2458.931566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   234.341790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    21.658210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.915398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.084602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9224788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9224788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7645059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7645059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        22023                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22023                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17836                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17836                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16869847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       16869847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16869847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      16869847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       205353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1017                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1017                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       206370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       206370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       206370                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       206370                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  89674160840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  89674160840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    319964917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    319964917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  89994125757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  89994125757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  89994125757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  89994125757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9430141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9430141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7646076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7646076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        22023                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22023                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17836                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17836                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17076217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17076217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17076217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17076217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 436682.984130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436682.984130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 314616.437561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 314616.437561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 436081.435078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436081.435078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 436081.435078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436081.435078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            9067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       126847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       127718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       127718                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127718                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        78506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        78652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        78652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  35299940583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35299940583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     30750974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30750974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  35330691557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35330691557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  35330691557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35330691557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449646.403880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449646.403880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 210623.109589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210623.109589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449202.710128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449202.710128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449202.710128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449202.710128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              516.067622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1087599151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2103673.406190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    41.067622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.065813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14463614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14463614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14463614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       14463614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14463614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      14463614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111704706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111704706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111704706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111704706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111704706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111704706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14463674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14463674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14463674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     14463674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14463674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     14463674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1861745.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1861745.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1861745.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1861745.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1861745.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1861745.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       165447                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 82723.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91065402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91065402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91065402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91065402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91065402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91065402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2168223.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168223.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2168223.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168223.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2168223.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2168223.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                48513                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              180583815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                48769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3702.840226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.557606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.442394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9963262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9963262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8387969                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8387969                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21519                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21519                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20196                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20196                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     18351231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       18351231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     18351231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      18351231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       155281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       155281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1076                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1076                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       156357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       156357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       156357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       156357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  52187682161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52187682161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90660139                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     90660139                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  52278342300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52278342300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  52278342300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52278342300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     10118543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10118543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8389045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8389045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        21519                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21519                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        20196                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20196                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18507588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18507588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18507588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18507588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 336085.433253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336085.433253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84256.634758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84256.634758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 334352.426179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334352.426179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 334352.426179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334352.426179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           10968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       106950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       107844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       107844                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107844                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        48331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        48513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        48513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13814544775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13814544775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11720726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11720726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13826265501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13826265501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13826265501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13826265501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 285831.966543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285831.966543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64399.593407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64399.593407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 285001.247109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285001.247109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 285001.247109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285001.247109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              527.212192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1092460013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2065141.801512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.212192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.059635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13273536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13273536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13273536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13273536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13273536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13273536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     82115375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82115375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     82115375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82115375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     82115375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82115375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13273592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13273592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13273592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13273592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13273592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13273592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1466345.982143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1466345.982143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1466345.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1466345.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1466345.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1466345.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55077969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55077969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55077969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55077969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55077969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55077969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1412255.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1412255.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1412255.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1412255.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1412255.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1412255.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                78288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              193978643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                78544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2469.681236                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.337386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.662614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.915380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.084620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9200341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9200341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7618830                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7618830                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16819171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       16819171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16819171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      16819171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       204359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       204359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1067                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1067                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       205426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       205426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       205426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       205426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  90966326396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90966326396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    384182155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    384182155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  91350508551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91350508551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  91350508551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91350508551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9404700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9404700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7619897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7619897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        22032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17024597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17024597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17024597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17024597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 445130.023126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445130.023126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 360058.252109                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 360058.252109                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 444688.153160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444688.153160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 444688.153160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444688.153160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       177355                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       177355                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9028                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            9028                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       126217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          921                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          921                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       127138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       127138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        78142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        78288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        78288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35689395768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35689395768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     34748128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34748128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35724143896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35724143896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35724143896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35724143896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456724.882496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456724.882496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 238000.876712                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238000.876712                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456316.982117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456316.982117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456316.982117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456316.982117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              561.058581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1014010416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  565                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1794708.700885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    36.483979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   524.574602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.058468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.840664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.899132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13978147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13978147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13978147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13978147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13978147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13978147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63006065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63006065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63006065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63006065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63006065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63006065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13978197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13978197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13978197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13978197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13978197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13978197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1260121.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1260121.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1260121.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1260121.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1260121.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1260121.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54705868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54705868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54705868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54705868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54705868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54705868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1439628.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439628.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1439628.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439628.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1439628.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439628.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                62640                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              243264217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                62896                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3867.721588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   199.847595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    56.152405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.780655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.219345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20547006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20547006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3954578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3954578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9344                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9344                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9277                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9277                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     24501584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       24501584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     24501584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      24501584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       219580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       219936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       219936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       219936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       219936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  95826322196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  95826322196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     37605032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37605032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  95863927228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95863927228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  95863927228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95863927228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20766586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20766586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3954934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3954934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9344                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9344                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9277                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9277                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     24721520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24721520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     24721520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24721520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 436407.333072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436407.333072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105632.112360                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105632.112360                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 435871.922868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435871.922868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 435871.922868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435871.922868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       157023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       157023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       157296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       157296                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157296                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19416386648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19416386648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6169333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6169333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19422555981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19422555981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19422555981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19422555981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310379.120610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310379.120610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 74329.313253                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74329.313253                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310066.347079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310066.347079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310066.347079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310066.347079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.955568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1088335292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2096985.148362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    35.955568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.057621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13667465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13667465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13667465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13667465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13667465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13667465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     74107570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74107570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     74107570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74107570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     74107570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74107570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13667516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13667516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13667516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13667516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13667516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13667516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1453089.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1453089.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1453089.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1453089.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1453089.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1453089.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53673705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53673705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53673705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53673705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53673705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53673705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1450640.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1450640.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1450640.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1450640.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1450640.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1450640.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                63069                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              186189830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                63325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              2940.226293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.250375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.749625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.915041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.084959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9641505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9641505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8156430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8156430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19864                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19864                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18773                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18773                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17797935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       17797935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17797935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      17797935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       214966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       214966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       220125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       220125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       220125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       220125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  91329884798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91329884798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3083771654                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3083771654                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  94413656452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  94413656452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  94413656452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  94413656452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      9856471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9856471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8161589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8161589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19864                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19864                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18773                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18773                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18018060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18018060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18018060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18018060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000632                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000632                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 424857.348595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424857.348595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 597746.007753                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 597746.007753                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 428909.285415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428909.285415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 428909.285415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428909.285415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     32860845                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets            73                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 450148.561644                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           22218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       152071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       157055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       157055                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157055                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        62895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        63070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        63070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21928231118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21928231118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12517681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12517681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21940748799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21940748799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21940748799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21940748799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 348648.241005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348648.241005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 71529.605714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71529.605714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 347879.321373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347879.321373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 347879.321373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347879.321373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              559.874578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1013957719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1800990.619893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.662445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.212134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.055549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13925450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13925450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13925450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13925450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13925450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13925450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72251914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72251914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72251914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72251914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72251914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72251914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13925499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13925499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13925499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13925499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13925499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13925499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1474528.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1474528.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1474528.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1474528.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1474528.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1474528.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     56754559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56754559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     56754559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56754559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     56754559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56754559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1576515.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1576515.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1576515.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1576515.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1576515.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1576515.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                62306                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              243167791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                62562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3886.828922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   200.077735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    55.922265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.781554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.218446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20465914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20465914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3939306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3939306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9242                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9242                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     24405220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       24405220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     24405220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      24405220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       218623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       218982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       218982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       218982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       218982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  98347341934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  98347341934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     31709600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31709600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  98379051534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  98379051534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  98379051534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  98379051534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20684537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20684537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3939665                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3939665                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         9242                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9242                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     24624202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24624202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     24624202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24624202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 449849.018328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449849.018328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 88327.576602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88327.576602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 449256.338576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449256.338576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 449256.338576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449256.338576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       156399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       156676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       156676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19865497667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19865497667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5340883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5340883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19870838550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19870838550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19870838550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19870838550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 319257.805139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319257.805139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65132.719512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65132.719512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 318923.354894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318923.354894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 318923.354894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318923.354894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              577.802577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1120564397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1925368.379725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    36.776187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.026390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.058936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.925966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13037079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13037079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13037079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13037079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13037079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13037079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81434018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81434018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81434018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81434018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81434018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81434018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13037140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13037140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13037140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13037140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13037140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13037140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1334983.901639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1334983.901639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1334983.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1334983.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1334983.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1334983.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61188115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61188115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61188115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61188115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61188115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61188115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1568926.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1568926.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1568926.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1568926.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1568926.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1568926.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                89379                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              487998753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                89635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5444.287979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.915678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.084322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     34104724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34104724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     18670384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18670384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     52775108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       52775108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     52775108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      52775108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       325521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       325521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       325864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       325864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       325864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       325864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 159035876773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159035876773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    309444207                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    309444207                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 159345320980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 159345320980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 159345320980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 159345320980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     34430245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34430245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18670727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18670727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9131                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9131                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     53100972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53100972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     53100972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53100972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 488557.963305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 488557.963305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 902169.699708                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 902169.699708                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 488993.325375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488993.325375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 488993.325375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488993.325375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           14957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       236226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       236226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       236485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       236485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       236485                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       236485                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        89295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        89379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        89379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42228442515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42228442515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     88421159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88421159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42316863674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42316863674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42316863674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42316863674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 472909.373593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472909.373593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1052632.845238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1052632.845238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 473454.208192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473454.208192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 473454.208192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473454.208192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              561.858655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1013990110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1791501.961131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.629986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   524.228669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.060304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.840110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.900415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13957841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13957841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13957841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13957841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13957841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13957841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83811587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83811587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83811587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83811587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83811587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83811587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13957890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13957890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13957890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13957890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13957890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13957890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1710440.551020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1710440.551020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1710440.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1710440.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1710440.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1710440.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74294677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74294677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74294677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74294677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74294677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74294677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1904991.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904991.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1904991.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904991.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1904991.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904991.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                62494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              243228730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                62750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3876.155060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   200.527882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    55.472118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.783312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.216688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20515841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20515841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3950286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3950286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9265                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9265                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     24466127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       24466127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     24466127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      24466127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       219143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       219499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       219499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       219499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       219499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  96734497724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96734497724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     39415900                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39415900                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  96773913624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  96773913624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  96773913624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  96773913624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20734984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20734984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3950642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3950642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9265                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9265                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     24685626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24685626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     24685626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24685626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 441421.800943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441421.800943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110718.820225                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110718.820225                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 440885.441956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440885.441956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 440885.441956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440885.441956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7635                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7635                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       156732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       157005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       157005                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157005                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19608101947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19608101947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6379652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6379652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19614481599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19614481599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19614481599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19614481599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 314177.019227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314177.019227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 76863.277108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76863.277108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 313861.836320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313861.836320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 313861.836320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313861.836320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              578.205209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1120577816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1925391.436426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.179060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.026149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13050498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13050498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13050498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13050498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13050498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13050498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101742692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101742692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101742692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101742692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101742692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101742692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13050552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13050552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13050552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13050552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13050552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13050552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1884123.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1884123.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1884123.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1884123.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1884123.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1884123.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75868974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75868974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75868974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75868974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75868974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75868974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1945358.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945358.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1945358.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945358.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1945358.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945358.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                89535                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              488079051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                89791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              5435.723525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.913620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.086380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     34157746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34157746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     18697632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18697632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     52855378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       52855378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     52855378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      52855378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       326873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       327229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       327229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       327229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       327229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 159234598749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159234598749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    282797204                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    282797204                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 159517395953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 159517395953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 159517395953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 159517395953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     34484619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34484619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18697988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18697988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     53182607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53182607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     53182607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53182607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 487145.156526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 487145.156526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 794374.168539                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 794374.168539                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 487479.398076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 487479.398076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 487479.398076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 487479.398076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       235160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       235160                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           15051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       237422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       237422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       237694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       237694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       237694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       237694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        89451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        89535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        89535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  42111058066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42111058066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     80166341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80166341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  42191224407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42191224407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  42191224407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42191224407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 470772.356553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 470772.356553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 954361.202381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 954361.202381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 471226.050226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471226.050226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 471226.050226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471226.050226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
