
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.104524                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                104523685023                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632299061568                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 332231                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   416288                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1955971                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67599848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 53438.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17753856386                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22245682168                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1728768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1318528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      3969024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2464128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1771904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1753088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1376768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2393856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2485760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2432000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4013056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1724160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1317760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      4010240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1296896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3486720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             37621760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     13497216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          13497216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        13506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        10301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        31008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        19251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        13843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        13696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        10756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        18702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        19420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        19000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        31352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        13470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        10295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        31330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        10132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        27240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                293920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          105447                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               105447                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     16539486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     12614634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        48984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     37972484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        46535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     23574829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        48984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     16952177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     16772160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        50209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13171828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     22902522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23781787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23267454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     38393748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        48984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     16495400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        44086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     12607286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        50209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     38366807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        44086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     12407676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33358181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               359935262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        48984                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        46535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        48984                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        50209                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        48984                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        44086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        50209                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        44086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             756805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         129130694                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              129130694                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         129130694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     16539486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        44086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     12614634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        48984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     37972484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        46535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     23574829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        48984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     16952177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        47760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     16772160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        50209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13171828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        46535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     22902522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        47760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23781787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        45310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23267454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        47760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     38393748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        48984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     16495400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        44086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     12607286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        50209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     38366807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        44086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     12407676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        47760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33358181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              489065957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              250656320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20644037                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16889539                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023081                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8647367                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8135661                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135431                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92337                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199098228                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115380059                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20644037                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10271092                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24096595                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5497797                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4704536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12180322                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024540                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    231347823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207251228     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1123307      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1783410      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2421400      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2490488      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2106115      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1173510      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1754432      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11243933      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    231347823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082360                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460312                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197075351                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      6744619                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24053264                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        26494                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3448090                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3399388                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141613436                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1971                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3448090                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197611807                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1396944                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4110480                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23550021                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1230476                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141565433                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       168902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       536024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197548007                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658526423                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658526423                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545501                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26002483                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35468                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18605                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3679230                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13264729                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7184097                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84813                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1747978                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141409264                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35588                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134423607                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18313                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15428239                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36745995                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1581                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231347823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271708                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174410066     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23455002     10.14%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11875425      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8915622      3.85%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7010806      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836111      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790041      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931136      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123614      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231347823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25206     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81824     36.64%     47.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116309     52.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113064084     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001089      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12180390      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7161182      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134423607                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.536287                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223339                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500436688                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156873644                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132400817                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134646946                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273642                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2120449                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          157                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          556                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3448090                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1117521                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119927                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141444992                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14471                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13264729                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7184097                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18606                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101370                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          556                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1179794                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132292                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312086                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132560417                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11462570                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1863189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18623464                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18845369                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7160894                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528853                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132401051                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132400817                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76000501                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204782078                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.528217                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18396077                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34007                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2048589                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227899733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177397115     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25044228     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9447119      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4505074      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3817415      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2178898      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1893253      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861462      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2755169      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227899733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233882                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144280                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865555                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2755169                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          366588894                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286338189                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3019389                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              19308497                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.506563                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.506563                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398953                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398953                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596632395                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184433866                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131268414                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33976                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              250656320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       22696121                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18902009                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2067206                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8953310                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8323577                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2444488                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96486                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197719912                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            124532601                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          22696121                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10768065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            25968837                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5735724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      6697092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12276624                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1975910                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    234035702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      208066865     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1591410      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2022323      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3204570      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1336720      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1721813      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        2010967      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         914008      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13167026      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    234035702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090547                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.496826                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      196561387                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      7966878                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        25845785                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        12231                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3649414                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3448559                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          447                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    152184832                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2473                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3649414                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      196759340                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        634743                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      6780765                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        25660241                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       551193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    151247037                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        80416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       384245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    211307944                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    703414483                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    703414483                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    176993181                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       34314762                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        37390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19836                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1939040                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     14138054                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7399941                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83403                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1669319                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        147679071                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37522                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       141759541                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       137625                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17795509                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36068242                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234035702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173953787     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27420835     11.72%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11197311      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6271761      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8506683      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2611898      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2579965      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1384907      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108555      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234035702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        977982     79.25%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129637     10.51%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126425     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119436871     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1939042      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17553      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12989140      9.16%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7376935      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    141759541                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.565553                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1234044                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008705                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    518926453                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165512776                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138076705                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    142993585                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       105289                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2634194                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          677                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        89752                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           24                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3649414                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        483702                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61121                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147716601                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14138054                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7399941                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19837                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53473                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          677                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1231835                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150308                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2382143                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139290275                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12778012                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2469266                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           20154489                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       19699435                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7376477                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.555702                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            138076983                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           138076705                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        82739173                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       222261684                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.550861                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372260                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102971212                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    126884883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20832280                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35406                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2084914                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230386287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176681322     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27214894     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9883848      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4925417      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4501320      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1894917      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1869493      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891389      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2523687      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230386287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    102971212                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    126884883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18814049                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11503860                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             17662                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         18391875                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       114237587                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2620205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2523687                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          375579048                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         299083780                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2999616                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              16620618                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         102971212                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           126884883                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    102971212                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.434237                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.434237                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.410806                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.410806                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      626798487                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     192969689                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     140784237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        35378                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              250656320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19507757                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17603919                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1022711                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7246147                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6974616                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1078563                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45425                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206784578                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            122726468                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19507757                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      8053179                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24266900                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       3211799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      4971830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11869288                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1027771                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    238186921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      213920021     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         865417      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1771734      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         744366      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        4033608      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3587944      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         696765      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1455647      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11111419      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    238186921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077827                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.489620                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      205626972                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      6142131                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24177349                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        77360                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2163104                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1711349                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          510                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    143909786                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2800                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2163104                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      205836438                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       4429733                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1055716                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24059781                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       642142                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    143835596                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       274078                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       232895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3343                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    168875269                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    677489277                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    677489277                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    149849547                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       19025691                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        16699                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8429                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1620063                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     33939271                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     17168431                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       155866                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       831850                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        143556417                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16752                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       138042745                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71809                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11037871                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26464467                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238186921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189163115     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14665590      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12044220      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5209745      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6605692      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6400585      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3631698      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       286609      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179667      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238186921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        349474     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2724598     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78962      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86594280     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1205909      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8267      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33103172     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17131117     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    138042745                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.550725                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3153034                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517497249                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154614536                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136866093                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    141195779                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       246948                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1299189                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          530                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3503                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101812                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12221                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2163104                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       4068187                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       183098                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143573248                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1498                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33939271                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17168431                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8432                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       124618                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3503                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       596339                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       603632                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1199971                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137077166                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32990557                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       965574                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           50120379                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17958728                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         17129822                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.546873                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            136870419                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           136866093                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        73912954                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       145619249                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.546031                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507577                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111224971                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    130707787                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12879989                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16666                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1045131                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236023816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188646594     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17274386      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8109837      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8020085      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2181143      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9333983      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       697401      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       508517      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1251870      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236023816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    111224971                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    130707787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             49706698                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            32640079                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8320                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17260654                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       116230740                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1266105                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1251870                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          378359384                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         289338890                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4535482                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              12469399                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         111224971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           130707787                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    111224971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.253598                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.253598                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.443735                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.443735                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      677684350                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     158938993                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     171377101                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16640                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              250656320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20381715                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16710853                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1996060                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8389225                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7960525                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2092741                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89781                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194577905                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            115895512                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20381715                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10053266                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25489363                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5670640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      6434342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11987075                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1981069                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    230145175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      204655812     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2765007      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        3196202      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1756342      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2019021      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1111875      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         755789      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1976234      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11908893      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    230145175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081313                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.462368                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      192993499                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      8048476                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25275977                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       202287                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3624935                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3311574                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        18630                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    141473323                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        92710                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3624935                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      193302986                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2847707                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4336396                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        25181371                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       851771                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    141388355                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       216128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       398554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    196501941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    658353749                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    658353749                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    167797668                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       28704262                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        36993                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20623                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2276681                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13491513                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7358947                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       194198                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634040                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        141184068                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37071                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       133432170                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186206                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17646327                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40773154                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4115                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230145175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173932353     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22603523      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12147456      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8412519      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7352224      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3760361      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       911937      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584561      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440241      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230145175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35296     12.25%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123463     42.85%     55.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129343     44.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111681915     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2087834      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16341      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12339430      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7306650      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    133432170                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.532331                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            288102                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497483823                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158868734                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131214627                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    133720272                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       336793                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2372866                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          816                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1272                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164921                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8167                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3624935                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2358897                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       144357                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141221259                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13491513                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7358947                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20613                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102633                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1272                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1157321                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1121116                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2278437                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131462715                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11587163                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1969455                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18892138                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18393213                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7304975                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.524474                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            131216740                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           131214627                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        77985040                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       204265774                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.523484                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381782                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98535961                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    120891819                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20330576                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32956                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2007631                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226520240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177140186     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22897230     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9595381      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5768556      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3989631      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2581185      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1337037      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1076784      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2134250      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226520240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     98535961                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    120891819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18312664                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11118638                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16442                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17301767                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       108988796                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2459566                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2134250                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          365607722                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         286069809                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2980630                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              20511145                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          98535961                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           120891819                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     98535961                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.543806                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.543806                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393112                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393112                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      593030812                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     182108961                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     132045336                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        32926                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              250656320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20637008                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16885563                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022578                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8676050                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8135913                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135847                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92125                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199027911                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            115337746                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20637008                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10271760                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24094178                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5496296                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4703471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12176363                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2023986                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    231273040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      207178862     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1126296      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1788777      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2420506      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2486778      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2105733      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1177417      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1749216      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11239455      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    231273040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082332                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460143                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      197006009                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      6742473                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24051558                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        25893                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3447102                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3396388                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    141558829                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3447102                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      197543925                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1388629                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4119227                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23546586                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1227566                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    141509560                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          169                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       167660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       535159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    197484659                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    658284295                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    658284295                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    171483695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       26000964                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        35521                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18664                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3673331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13260162                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7181085                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84418                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1687420                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        141347233                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35646                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       134365271                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18364                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15421981                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36738956                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1650                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231273040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174404170     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23394869     10.12%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11850491      5.12%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8927179      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7018001      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2833498      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1788984      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       932299      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123549      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231273040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25259     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81807     36.64%     47.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116221     52.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113011000     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2000463      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16856      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12179156      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7157796      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    134365271                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536054                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223287                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500245233                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156805407                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132341132                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    134588558                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273886                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2119893                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          151                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          548                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94019                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3447102                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1110682                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119769                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141383021                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        33052                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13260162                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7181085                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18665                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101231                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          548                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180949                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131028                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2311977                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132501023                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11458801                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1864248                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18616326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18835490                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7157525                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.528616                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            132341340                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           132341132                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        75969505                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       204692144                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.527978                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371140                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99963997                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    123004636                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18378418                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33996                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2048069                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227825938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177379967     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24997093     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9450422      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4500545      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3793114      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2176497      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908378      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       859521      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2760401      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227825938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     99963997                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    123004636                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18227335                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11140269                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             16960                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17737513                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       110825647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2532924                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2760401                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          366447902                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         286213262                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3017552                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              19383280                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          99963997                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           123004636                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     99963997                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.507466                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.507466                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398809                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398809                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      596377511                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     184360683                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     131219581                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        33966                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              250656320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20638549                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16885481                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022582                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8640258                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8132942                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136090                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92232                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199078206                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            115343906                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20638549                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10269032                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24087986                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5496624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      4700249                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12178141                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024161                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    231314236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      207226250     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1122932      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1782321      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2419630      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2489332      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2104356      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1175564      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1756401      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11237450      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    231314236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082338                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460168                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      197055672                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      6739770                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24045076                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        26292                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3447421                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3398083                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    141567194                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3447421                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      197591322                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1394255                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      4110345                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23542415                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1228473                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    141520384                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       168235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       535271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    197494483                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    658322432                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    658322432                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    171511896                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       25982565                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        35489                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18629                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3675453                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13258698                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7182762                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84763                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1641029                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        141364947                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35615                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       134389126                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18397                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15411193                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36706344                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1616                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231314236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174473728     75.43%     75.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23349465     10.09%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11840822      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8944821      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7027396      3.04%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2832896      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789813      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931748      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123547      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231314236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25221     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81792     36.62%     47.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116334     52.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113032567     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2000512      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16858      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12179479      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7159710      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    134389126                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.536149                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500334228                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156812310                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132364728                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    134612473                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2116595                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          164                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          559                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94556                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3447421                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1114634                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119863                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141400704                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13258698                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7182762                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18631                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101502                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          559                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1179824                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131303                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2311127                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132524482                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11459792                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1864640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18619233                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18839694                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7159441                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.528710                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            132364940                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           132364728                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        75977641                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       204720023                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.528073                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371130                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99980387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    123024853                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18375870                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33999                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2048083                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227866815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177445316     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24970596     10.96%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9452672      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4500700      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3774932      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2177522      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1920524      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860093      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2764460      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227866815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     99980387                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    123024853                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18230306                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11142100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16962                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17740443                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       110843862                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2533347                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2764460                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          366502389                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         286248939                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3018215                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              19342084                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          99980387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           123024853                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     99980387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.507055                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.507055                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.398874                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.398874                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      596475973                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     184389114                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     131228358                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        33968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              250656320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       22680528                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18887934                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2067159                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8928396                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8315064                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2443003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96364                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197618711                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            124448582                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          22680528                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10758067                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            25948009                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5736498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      6739568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12270732                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1976323                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    233956984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      208008975     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1591138      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2013064      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3201243      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1338576      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1721492      0.74%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        2009637      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         916579      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13156280      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    233956984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090485                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.496491                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      196463186                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      8006098                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        25825304                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        12142                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3650247                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3447383                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    152089315                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2165                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3650247                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      196660460                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        634689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      6822186                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        25640501                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       548895                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    151156210                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        79747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       382675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    211163712                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    702984048                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    702984048                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    176858863                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       34304841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        37371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19830                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1930527                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     14133022                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7396831                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82123                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1670923                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        147588156                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37503                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       141669509                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       139337                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17791183                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36085445                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233956984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173911867     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27406474     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11186868      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6270081      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8499421      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2613204      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2576596      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1384008      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108465      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233956984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        976730     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130269     10.56%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126338     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119356008     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1937335      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17540      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12984901      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7373725      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    141669509                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.565194                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1233337                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008706                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    518668676                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165417516                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137986281                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    142902846                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104140                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2637894                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          678                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92192                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           35                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3650247                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        484123                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61312                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147625666                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113940                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14133022                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7396831                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19831                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53562                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          678                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1231688                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150097                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2381785                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139203234                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12773181                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2466275                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           20146465                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       19685823                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7373284                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.555355                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            137986544                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           137986281                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        82673549                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       222090031                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.550500                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372252                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102893037                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    126788504                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20837801                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35381                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2084851                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230306737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176641269     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27195527     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9878062      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4919638      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4498498      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1893051      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1867876      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891092      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2521724      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230306737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    102893037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    126788504                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             18799767                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11495128                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             17650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         18377905                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       114150816                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2618212                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2521724                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          375410603                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         298902877                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2997959                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              16699336                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         102893037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           126788504                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    102893037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.436086                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.436086                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.410494                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.410494                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      626398567                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     192834363                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     140690851                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        35352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              250656320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20400415                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16727064                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1997275                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8390022                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7961291                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2093086                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89817                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194675850                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            116005172                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20400415                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10054377                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25510586                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5681010                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6325182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11993701                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1982148                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    230164368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      204653782     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2765200      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        3200980      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1756883      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2018715      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1112162      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         753781      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1978493      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11924372      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    230164368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081388                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.462806                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      193095531                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      7935469                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25297408                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       201874                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3634085                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3313852                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        18665                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    141613158                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        92525                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3634085                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      193405287                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2842164                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      4227856                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        25201856                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       853111                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    141528334                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       215990                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       399531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    196699368                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    659001832                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    659001832                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    167884312                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       28815043                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        36988                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20628                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2282622                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13506562                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7362989                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       194784                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1636912                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        141319711                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37066                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       133521991                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       185299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17721126                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40989478                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4090                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230164368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173920510     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22610223      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12152094      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8422422      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7359478      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3762141      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       911274      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       585755      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440471      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230164368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35302     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124382     43.00%     55.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129567     44.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111761603     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2089398      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16350      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12344131      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7310509      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    133521991                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.532690                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            289251                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497682898                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159079170                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131301637                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    133811242                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       337234                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2382157                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          827                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1269                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165194                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8174                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3634085                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2353486                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145176                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141356894                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13506562                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7362989                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20594                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103029                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1269                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1155176                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1124548                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2279724                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131548183                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11590382                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1973806                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18899249                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18403572                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7308867                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.524815                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            131303640                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           131301637                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        78040728                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       204425344                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523831                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381757                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98586956                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    120954228                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20403938                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32976                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2008783                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226530283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177125918     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22909432     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9599067      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5769576      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3993800      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2579968      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1339751      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077780      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2134991      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226530283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     98586956                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    120954228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18322200                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11124405                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16452                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17310636                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       109045093                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2460819                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2134991                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          365752795                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         286350501                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2982773                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              20491952                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          98586956                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           120954228                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     98586956                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.542490                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.542490                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393315                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393315                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      593405804                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     182234020                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     132162277                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        32946                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              250656320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20383649                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16713401                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1995513                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8412072                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7960720                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2092727                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89855                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194555491                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            115900851                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20383649                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10053447                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            25488645                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5668486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      6404452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11984899                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1979879                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    230090589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      204601944     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2764421      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        3197431      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1756667      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2016715      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1112422      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         755342      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1977560      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11908087      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    230090589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081321                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.462390                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      192970854                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      8018824                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        25276127                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       201441                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3623342                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3310911                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        18660                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    141471274                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        92194                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3623342                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      193280818                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2891463                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      4261436                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        25180303                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       853218                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    141385072                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       217168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       398739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    196511796                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    658320845                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    658320845                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    167808715                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       28703081                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        37009                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20642                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2278945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13486829                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7357406                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       193827                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1632598                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        141179219                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37094                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       133431306                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186708                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17632296                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40732521                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230090589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173875549     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22606681      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12144250      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8418593      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7350039      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3758428      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       911670      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       585002      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440377      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230090589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35549     12.33%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       122927     42.65%     54.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129779     45.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111682576     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2088387      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16342      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12338522      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7305479      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    133431306                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.532328                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            288255                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497428164                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158849884                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131216652                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    133719561                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       337707                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2367465                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          848                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1278                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       162908                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8170                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3623342                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2401994                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       146002                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141216437                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56102                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13486829                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7357406                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20635                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103643                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1278                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1157470                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1120392                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2277862                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131463688                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11587098                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1967618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 124                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18890935                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18394326                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7303837                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.524478                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            131218845                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           131216652                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        77988584                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       204244075                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.523492                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381840                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98542466                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    120899724                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20318003                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32959                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2006990                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226467247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177081039     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22900305     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9596703      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5772642      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3988037      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2580528      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1336764      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077117      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2134112      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226467247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     98542466                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    120899724                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18313862                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11119364                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16444                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17302868                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       108995932                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2459719                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2134112                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          365550199                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         286058872                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2979119                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              20565731                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          98542466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           120899724                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     98542466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.543638                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.543638                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393138                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393138                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      593036952                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     182118859                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     132050452                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        32928                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              250656320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20396426                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16723914                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1997597                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8369536                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7958840                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2091984                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89441                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194634555                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            115971585                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20396426                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10050824                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25505858                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5682976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6368294                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11991798                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1982587                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    230163107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967693                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      204657249     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        2765803      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        3200841      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        1756034      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2017943      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1111219      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         753831      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1977894      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11922293      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    230163107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081372                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.462672                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      193048810                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      7983958                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25292816                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       201759                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3635763                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3313232                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18637                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    141582734                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        92342                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3635763                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      193358844                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2844335                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      4272387                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        25197272                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       854497                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    141497113                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       217461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       399864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    196645797                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    658858789                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    658858789                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    167824158                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       28821631                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        36955                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20592                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2283131                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13510508                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7361879                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       194022                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634427                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        141286557                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37017                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       133485488                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187505                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17731836                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41032690                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4054                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230163107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173934448     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22602177      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12151922      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8418544      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7358043      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3761590      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       911317      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584717      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440349      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230163107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35333     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125672     43.24%     55.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129645     44.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111728669     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2088496      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16344      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12343445      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7308534      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    133485488                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.532544                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            290650                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002177                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497612238                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159056674                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131261018                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    133776138                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       336659                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2390118                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          826                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1267                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       166712                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8173                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3635763                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2354301                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145545                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141323701                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56827                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13510508                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7361879                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20558                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102711                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1267                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1154692                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125138                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2279830                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131511180                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11589763                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1974308                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 127                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18896511                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18398463                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7306748                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.524667                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            131263003                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           131261018                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        78014992                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       204379249                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.523669                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381717                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98551565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    120910833                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20414057                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32963                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2009131                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226527344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177140863     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22901613     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9596845      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5765292      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3992704      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2578281      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1339736      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077063      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2134947      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226527344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     98551565                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    120910833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18315554                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11120387                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16446                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17304447                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       109005947                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2459935                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2134947                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          365716624                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         286285624                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2983395                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              20493213                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          98551565                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           120910833                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     98551565                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.543403                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.543403                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.393174                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.393174                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      593226183                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     182174332                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     132123205                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        32932                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              250656314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19484909                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17582211                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1025154                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7670559                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6977153                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1078258                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45547                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206714076                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            122571253                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19484909                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      8055411                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24243849                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       3209095                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      4944240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11867671                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1030406                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    238060391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      213816542     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         865476      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1770280      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         744210      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        4031764      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3588605      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         700805      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1453161      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11089548      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    238060391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077736                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.489001                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      205558706                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6112365                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24154418                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        77179                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2157718                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1709917                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          508                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    143734060                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2812                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2157718                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      205767537                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       4402654                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1052190                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24036778                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       643507                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    143659229                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       273657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       232363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6187                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    168670563                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    676664474                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    676664474                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    149702653                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       18967910                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        16682                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8420                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1619368                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     33910805                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     17154120                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       155832                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       831067                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        143380610                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16736                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       137928599                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71794                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10968589                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26160246                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238060391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189051029     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14676936      6.17%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12047928      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5205204      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6594184      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6391335      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3628674      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       286068      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179033      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238060391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        348898     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2721722     86.42%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78951      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86524004     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1203623      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8259      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33076600     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17116113     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    137928599                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.550270                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3149571                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517138954                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154369461                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136750847                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    141078170                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       248141                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1302395                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          552                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3534                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104067                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12214                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2157718                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       4039305                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       181436                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143397427                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33910805                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17154120                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8424                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       123243                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          106                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3534                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       600054                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       601737                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1201791                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    136961873                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32963794                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       966726                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           50078322                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17944395                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         17114528                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.546413                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            136755168                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           136750847                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        73854903                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       145487739                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.545571                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507637                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111116319                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    130580065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12830989                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16650                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1047790                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235902673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188564248     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17263540      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8105398      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8010872      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2180014      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9324221      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       697526      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       508036      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1248818      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235902673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    111116319                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    130580065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             49658463                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            32608410                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8312                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17243813                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       116117116                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1264854                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1248818                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          378064571                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         288980038                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4536281                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              12595923                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         111116319                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           130580065                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    111116319                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.255801                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.255801                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.443301                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.443301                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      677129302                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     158807394                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     171181075                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16624                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              250656320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       20646614                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16893347                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023320                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8693186                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8138732                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136347                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92325                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199098017                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            115392782                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          20646614                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10275079                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24105251                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5500881                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      4707472                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12180564                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024928                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    231362056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      207256805     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1128183      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1788516      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2420776      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2490002      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2105094      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1175331      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1749133      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11248216      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    231362056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082370                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460363                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      197074713                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      6747720                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24062457                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        26220                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3450941                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3398179                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    141628755                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1965                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3450941                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      197614353                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1392725                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      4118857                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23555962                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1229213                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    141578096                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       167592                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       536149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    197569165                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    658606095                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    658606095                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    171537472                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       26031693                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        35551                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18687                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         3680523                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     13268570                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7183723                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84507                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1731693                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        141412422                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35679                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       134414065                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18370                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15449418                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36823402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1671                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231362056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174440583     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23439931     10.13%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11868634      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8920296      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7012932      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2833809      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789827      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       932109      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123935      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231362056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25244     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81784     36.62%     47.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116329     52.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113052353     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001135      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16861      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12183212      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7160504      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    134414065                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536248                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223357                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500431913                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156898066                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132386775                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    134637422                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272550                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2124835                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          149                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          549                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94470                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3450941                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1113737                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119941                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141448240                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        40464                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13268570                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7183723                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18690                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101485                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          549                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1179590                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132137                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2311727                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132547715                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11462407                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1866350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           18622637                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18841964                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7160230                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.528803                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            132386991                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           132386775                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        75995168                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       204772739                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.528161                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99995310                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    123043097                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18405171                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2048823                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227911115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177422942     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25031211     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9449544      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4501880      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3811319      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2178593      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1897468      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861155      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2757003      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227911115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     99995310                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    123043097                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             18232988                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11143735                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17743036                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       110860305                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2533707                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2757003                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          366601691                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         286347534                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3018362                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19294264                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          99995310                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           123043097                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     99995310                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.506681                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.506681                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.398934                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.398934                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      596584402                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     184419649                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     131279065                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        33978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              250656320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       22695781                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18898860                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2067001                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8954198                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8322915                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446923                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96615                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197713821                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            124535561                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          22695781                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10769838                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25967595                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5738720                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      6755845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12276519                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1976002                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    234090315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      208122720     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1591802      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2016143      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3203514      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1334861      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1723771      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2014164      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         918480      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13164860      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    234090315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090545                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496838                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      196555082                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      8025792                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25844709                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        12106                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3652619                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3451411                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          436                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    152206728                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2419                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3652619                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      196752998                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        634235                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      6840242                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25659064                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       551151                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    151272159                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        79798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       384499                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    211326283                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    703540591                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    703540591                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    176989398                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       34336885                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        37367                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19812                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1940830                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14148081                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7403939                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83302                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1672960                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        147710272                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37494                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       141784314                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       139539                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17813386                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36147997                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2089                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234090315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174001588     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27419780     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11198795      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6273089      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8512190      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2613499      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2576469      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1386632      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108273      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234090315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        976862     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130594     10.58%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126375     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119448174     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1939298      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17553      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12998287      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7381002      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    141784314                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.565652                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1233831                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008702                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    519032313                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165561834                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138094627                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    143018145                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104822                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2644456                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          684                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93899                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           52                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3652619                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        483314                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61579                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147747772                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114940                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14148081                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7403939                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19814                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53928                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          684                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1230018                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151189                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2381207                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139313733                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12783310                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2470581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20163860                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19700908                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7380550                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.555796                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            138094926                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           138094627                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        82747502                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       222305485                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.550932                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372224                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102969017                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    126882188                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20866152                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35405                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2084718                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230437696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176734184     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27214878     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9883564      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4923851      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4501910      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1894434      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1869443      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891295      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2524137      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230437696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    102969017                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    126882188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18813665                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11503625                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17662                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18391493                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       114235166                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2620153                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2524137                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          375661184                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         299149313                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2998035                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              16566005                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         102969017                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           126882188                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    102969017                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.434289                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.434289                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.410798                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.410798                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      626892245                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     192984599                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     140791099                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        35376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              250656320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19508270                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17603697                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1023670                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7284816                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6972704                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1077472                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45058                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206717693                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            122719848                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19508270                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      8050176                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24266652                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       3219342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      4985095                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11866945                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1028200                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    238139624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      213872972     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         865343      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1769908      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         744038      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        4034603      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3589437      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         694082      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1457773      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11111468      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    238139624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077829                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.489594                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      205562760                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      6153213                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24176621                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        77351                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2169674                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1711649                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    143913272                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2804                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2169674                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      205772701                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       4436745                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1060325                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24058504                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       641668                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    143835978                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       273743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       232590                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3366                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    168878299                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    677489036                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    677489036                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    149791010                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       19087277                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        17195                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8929                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1622465                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     33938153                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     17162806                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       155634                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       832790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        143552773                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17248                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       138012930                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72196                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11078468                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26611289                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          589                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238139624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189126881     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14657889      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12043434      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5211202      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6606803      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6397580      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3630825      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       285575      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179435      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238139624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        349385     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2725183     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78928      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86580995     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1206151      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8264      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33092409     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17125111     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    138012930                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.550606                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3153496                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022849                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517391176                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154652036                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136829859                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    141166426                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       247728                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1311863                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          549                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3554                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103353                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12218                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2169674                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       4075931                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       182250                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143570103                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1359                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33938153                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17162806                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8931                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       123886                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3554                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       595494                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       606151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1201645                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137043105                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32979564                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       969825                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           50103393                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17955093                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         17123829                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.546737                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            136834327                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           136829859                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        73903236                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       145632242                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.545886                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507465                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111180495                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    130655815                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12928627                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16659                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1046078                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235969950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188609947     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17271765      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8106400      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8014205      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2180934      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9326818      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       699989      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       508261      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1251631      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235969950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    111180495                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    130655815                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             49685736                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            32626283                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              8316                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17253916                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       116184569                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1265676                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1251631                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          378302423                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         289338756                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4534868                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              12516696                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         111180495                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           130655815                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    111180495                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.254499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.254499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.443558                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.443558                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      677488374                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     158895602                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     171351892                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        16634                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              250656320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       22708557                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18907172                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2066912                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8869854                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8312581                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446910                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96572                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197755885                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            124613842                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          22708557                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10759491                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25974498                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5740302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      6678946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12278785                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1975645                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    234064057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      208089559     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1593741      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2003473      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3203499      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1342634      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1724502      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        2010768      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         921495      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       13174386      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    234064057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090596                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.497150                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      196595583                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      7950686                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25851331                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        12159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3654291                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3455844                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          437                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    152292903                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2447                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3654291                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      196794085                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        634908                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      6763628                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        25665199                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       551940                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    151353962                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        80337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       384804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    211425955                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    703870298                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    703870298                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    177047406                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       34378549                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        37304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19744                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1943045                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     14153071                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7408242                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82922                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1672454                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        147787015                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37432                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       141845797                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142375                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17833337                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36203744                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2016                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234064057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173956135     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27423654     11.72%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11205286      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6273512      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8511650      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2620099      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2580438      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1384952      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108331      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234064057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        978337     79.15%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       131294     10.62%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126498     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119500249     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1939893      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17559      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13002930      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7385166      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    141845797                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.565898                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1236129                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008715                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    519134155                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165658464                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138155975                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    143081926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104655                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2645663                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          682                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95775                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           35                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3654291                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        484075                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61170                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147824453                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114605                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14153071                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7408242                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19745                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53499                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           67                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          682                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1228597                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153643                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2382240                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139375682                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12787943                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2470115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           20172666                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19712309                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7384723                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.556043                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            138156261                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           138155975                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        82768782                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       222334673                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.551177                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372271                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    103002773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    126923813                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20901274                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35416                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2084631                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230409766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176691091     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27221988     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9886133      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4924897      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4503163      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1895231      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1870055      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891933      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2525275      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230409766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    103002773                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    126923813                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18819875                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11507408                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             17668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         18397515                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       114272665                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2621019                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2525275                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          375708863                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         299304478                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2997625                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              16592263                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         103002773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           126923813                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    103002773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.433491                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.433491                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.410932                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.410932                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      627153985                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     193063070                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     140876711                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        35386                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              250656320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20337527                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16631632                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1982920                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8436877                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8025823                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2093062                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88369                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197350516                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            115405555                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20337527                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10118885                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24188441                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5758054                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3461801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12133782                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1998845                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    228732398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      204543957     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1314758      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2072634      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3299559      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1365188      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1524707      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1629751      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1062011      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11919833      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    228732398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081137                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460414                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      195543265                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5283173                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24113312                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        61490                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3731154                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3335513                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          464                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    140930356                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         3022                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3731154                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      195842589                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1684537                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2735391                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23881056                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       857667                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    140850370                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        23616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       241862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       324070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39384                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    195551549                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    655234522                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    655234522                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    167006239                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       28545275                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        35871                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19720                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2583741                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13418602                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7215033                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       217945                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1644532                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        140652730                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35960                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       133141555                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       164344                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17816646                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39618320                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3387                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228732398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172597866     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22526189      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12317990      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8404324      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7856187      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2258182      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1762859      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596806      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411995      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228732398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31062     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95440     38.53%     51.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121217     48.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111531080     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2105883      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16147      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12307733      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7180712      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    133141555                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.531172                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247719                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001861                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495427569                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158506780                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131002656                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    133389274                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       400859                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2396077                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          362                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1473                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       208078                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8311                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3731154                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1133163                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117795                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140688832                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57802                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13418602                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7215033                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19691                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86196                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1473                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1159840                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131244                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2291084                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131249144                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11573842                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1892409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           18752864                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18467255                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7179022                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.523622                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            131003626                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           131002656                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        76593639                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       200116607                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522639                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382745                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98098446                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    120243463                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20445547                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2024991                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225001244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176186455     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23642482     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9203032      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4957246      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3712992      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2073700      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1277996      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1143993      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2803348      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225001244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     98098446                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    120243463                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18029480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11022525                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16250                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17260420                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       108348285                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2442659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2803348                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          362886243                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         285109403                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3182175                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              21923922                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          98098446                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           120243463                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     98098446                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.555151                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.555151                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.391366                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.391366                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      591868087                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     181593800                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     131446584                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        32544                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         294054                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.273524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2970750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         326821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           9.089838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           218.647322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.128654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1273.282898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.814306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   993.500554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.157695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  2704.979826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.936635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1738.384343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.029194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1262.222842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.194383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1270.509264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.254438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1013.897247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.612997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1762.658744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.352517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1759.074181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.565105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1757.136126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.138351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  2691.341136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.057644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1239.199438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.033597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   956.638507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.389379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  2718.614840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.668600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   984.839626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.783126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2298.930114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           339.145148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           328.179243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           456.664586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           382.057212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           329.350163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           321.726187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           288.306893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           410.524609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           381.569855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           399.695195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           447.860421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           367.279103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           355.824010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           426.479552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           343.248553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           490.389167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.038858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.030319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.082549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.053051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.038520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.038773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.030942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.053792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.053683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.053624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.082133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.037817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.029194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.082966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.030055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.070158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.010350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.010015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.013936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.011659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.010051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.008798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.012528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.011645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.012198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.013668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.011208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.010859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.013015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.010475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.014965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        49125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        27258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        49207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        25958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        44058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  547983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           203707                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                203707                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2400                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        36115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        49201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        27404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        49285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        26167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        44192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   550383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27374                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25987                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49655                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        36115                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27015                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27174                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25484                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36075                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        49201                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        27404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25990                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        49285                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        26167                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        44192                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  550383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        13506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        31350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        31330                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                293894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  26                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        13506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        31352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        31330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 293920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        13506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31008                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13843                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13696                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10756                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18702                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19420                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19000                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        31352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13470                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        31330                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27240                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                293920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6035810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2204558438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5421018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1688839966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6153208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5041968055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5705536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3174731481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6263511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2260848292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5900434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2233124589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6278588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1768775427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6221339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3080462450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6125486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3196803302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5811922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3123047264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6140954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5092354065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6110118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2199715990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5707488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1691319870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6092070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5098031452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5264881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1660234710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5775436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4473775537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48083598687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       342027                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1047721                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       920955                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       682175                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       761636                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       320774                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4075288                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6035810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2204558438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5421018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1688839966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6153208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5042310082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5705536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3175779202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6263511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2260848292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5900434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2233124589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6278588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1768775427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6221339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3081383405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6125486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3197485477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5811922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3123808900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6140954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5092674839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6110118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2199715990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5707488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1691319870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6092070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5098031452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5264881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1660234710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5775436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4473775537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      48087673975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6035810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2204558438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5421018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1688839966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6153208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5042310082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5705536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3175779202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6263511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2260848292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5900434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2233124589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6278588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1768775427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6221339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3081383405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6125486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3197485477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5811922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3123808900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6140954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5092674839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6110118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2199715990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5707488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1691319870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6092070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5098031452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5264881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1660234710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5775436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4473775537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     48087673975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        80585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        40724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        55279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        80475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        40728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        80537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        36090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              841877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       203707                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            203707                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2426                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        80663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        40870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        55437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        80553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        40874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        80615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        36299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               844303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        80663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        40870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        55437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        80553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        40874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        80615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        36299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              844303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.285528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.384761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.340056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.336313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.298521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.338212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.389562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.330731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.285370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.389014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.280743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.382058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.349094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.043750                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037975                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.025478                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.031646                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.010717                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.283868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.384414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.338808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.335111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.296799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.337356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.349941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.389210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.329549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.283726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.388637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.279126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.381342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.348121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.283868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.384414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.338808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.335111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.296799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.337356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.349941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.389210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.329549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.283726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.388637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.279126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.381342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.348121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154764.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163228.079224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150583.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163949.127852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153830.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162612.657389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150145.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164972.535907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156587.775000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163320.688579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151293.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163049.400482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153136.292683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164445.465508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163719.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164765.856333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157063.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164647.883292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157078.972973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164414.175520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157460.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162435.536364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152752.950000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163304.824796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158541.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164285.562895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 148587.073171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162720.442132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146246.694444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163860.512238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148088.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164235.518979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163608.643548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 171013.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 149674.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153492.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 170543.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152327.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       160387                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156741.846154                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154764.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163228.079224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150583.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163949.127852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153830.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162613.199239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150145.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164966.973248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156587.775000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163320.688579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151293.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163049.400482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153136.292683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164445.465508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163719.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164762.239600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157063.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164649.097683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157078.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164410.994737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157460.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162435.405684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152752.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163304.824796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158541.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164285.562895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 148587.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162720.442132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146246.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163860.512238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148088.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164235.518979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163608.036115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154764.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163228.079224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150583.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163949.127852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153830.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162613.199239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150145.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164966.973248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156587.775000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163320.688579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151293.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163049.400482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153136.292683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164445.465508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163719.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164762.239600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157063.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164649.097683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157078.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164410.994737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157460.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162435.405684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152752.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163304.824796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158541.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164285.562895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 148587.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162720.442132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146246.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163860.512238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148088.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164235.518979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163608.036115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               105447                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    105447                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        13506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        31350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        31330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           293894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             26                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        13506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        31352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        31330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            293920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        13506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        31352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        31330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           293920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3771542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1418085140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3331067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1088975815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3828814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3236978585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3499249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2053950555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3937859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1454710551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3633921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1435636774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3900500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1142390384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4014779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1991644871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3856973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2066040224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3660351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2016819443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3875399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3267404649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3783359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1415296418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3614509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1091871078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3703451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3274331472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3169605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1070215661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3506906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2887420197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30970860101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       226059                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       641104                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       572575                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       449724                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       470647                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       204639                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2564748                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3771542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1418085140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3331067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1088975815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3828814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3237204644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3499249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2054591659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3937859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1454710551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3633921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1435636774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3900500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1142390384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4014779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1992217446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3856973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2066489948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3660351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2017290090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3875399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3267609288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3783359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1415296418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3614509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1091871078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3703451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3274331472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3169605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1070215661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3506906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2887420197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30973424849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3771542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1418085140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3331067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1088975815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3828814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3237204644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3499249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2054591659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3937859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1454710551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3633921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1435636774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3900500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1142390384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4014779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1992217446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3856973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2066489948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3660351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2017290090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3875399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3267609288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3783359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1415296418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3614509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1091871078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3703451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3274331472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3169605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1070215661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3506906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2887420197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30973424849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.285528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.384761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.340056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.336313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.298521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.338212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.389562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.330731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.285370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.389014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.280743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.382058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.349094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.043750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.025478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.031646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.283868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.384414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.338808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.335111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.296799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.337356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.349941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.389210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.329549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.283726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.388637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.279126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.381342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.348121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.283868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.384414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.338808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.335111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.296799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.337356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.349941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.389210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.329549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.283726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.388637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.279126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.381342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.348121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96706.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104996.678513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92529.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105715.543637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95720.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104398.457879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92085.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106731.997246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98446.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105086.365022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93177.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104821.610251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95134.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106209.593157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 105652.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106527.860024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98896.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106409.158632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98928.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106176.332877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99369.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104223.433780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94583.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105070.261173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100403.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106058.385430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90328.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104511.058793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 88044.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105627.285926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89920.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105999.273018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105381.056098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113029.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91586.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95429.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       112431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94129.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102319.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98644.153846                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96706.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104996.678513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92529.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105715.543637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95720.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104399.014577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92085.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106726.490001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98446.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105086.365022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93177.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104821.610251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95134.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106209.593157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 105652.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106524.299326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98896.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106410.398970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98928.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106173.162632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99369.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104223.312325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94583.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105070.261173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100403.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106058.385430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90328.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104511.058793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 88044.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105627.285926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89920.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105999.273018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105380.460156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96706.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104996.678513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92529.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105715.543637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95720.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104399.014577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92085.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106726.490001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98446.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105086.365022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93177.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104821.610251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95134.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106209.593157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 105652.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106524.299326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98896.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106410.398970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98928.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106173.162632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99369.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104223.312325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94583.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105070.261173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100403.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106058.385430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90328.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104511.058793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 88044.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105627.285926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89920.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105999.273018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105380.460156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              516.201508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012188369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1957811.158607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.201508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.066028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12180273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12180273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12180273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12180273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12180273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12180273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8174932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8174932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8174932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8174932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8174932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8174932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12180322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12180322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12180322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12180322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12180322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12180322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166835.346939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166835.346939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166835.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166835.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166835.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166835.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6962349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6962349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6962349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6962349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6962349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6962349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165770.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165770.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165770.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165770.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165770.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165770.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40880                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166566645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.169705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.148205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.851795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8380664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8380664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18478                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18478                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16988                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16988                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15436786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15436786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16041482848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16041482848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     72561166                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72561166                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16114044014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16114044014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16114044014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16114044014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8511585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8511585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16988                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16988                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15568547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15568547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122527.958448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122527.958448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 86382.340476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86382.340476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122297.523653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122297.523653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122297.523653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122297.523653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4169356169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4169356169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9750054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9750054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4179106223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4179106223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4179106223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4179106223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102353.164821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102353.164821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 67241.751724                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67241.751724                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102228.625807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102228.625807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102228.625807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102228.625807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              492.402647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1015376016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2059586.239351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.402647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.059940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12276576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12276576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12276576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12276576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12276576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12276576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8995677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8995677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8995677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8995677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8995677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8995677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12276624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12276624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12276624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12276624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12276624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12276624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 187409.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 187409.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 187409.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 187409.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 187409.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 187409.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7309635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7309635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7309635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7309635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7309635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7309635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 192358.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192358.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 192358.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192358.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 192358.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192358.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                36288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              164327731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                36544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4496.708926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.432797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.567203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.911847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.088153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9782100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9782100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7272308                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7272308                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19553                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19553                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17689                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17689                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17054408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17054408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17054408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17054408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        93241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        95385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        95385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        95385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        95385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9886954819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9886954819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    143619698                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    143619698                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10030574517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10030574517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10030574517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10030574517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9875341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9875341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7274452                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274452                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19553                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19553                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17149793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17149793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17149793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17149793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106036.559228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106036.559228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66986.799440                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66986.799440                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105158.824941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105158.824941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105158.824941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105158.824941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       168688                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        21086                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        57164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        59097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        59097                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59097                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3517881412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3517881412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     16291479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16291479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3534172891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3534172891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3534172891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3534172891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 97510.364276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97510.364276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 77210.800948                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77210.800948                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 97392.330550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97392.330550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 97392.330550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97392.330550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              579.874740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1042826001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1785660.960616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    39.817955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.056785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.063811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.865476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11869236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11869236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11869236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11869236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11869236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11869236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8685925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8685925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8685925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8685925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8685925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8685925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11869288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11869288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11869288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11869288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11869288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11869288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167037.019231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167037.019231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167037.019231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167037.019231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167037.019231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167037.019231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6962402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6962402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6962402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6962402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6962402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6962402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169814.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169814.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169814.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169814.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169814.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169814.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                80663                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              450338319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                80919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5565.297631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.899785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.100215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     31133714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31133714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17049478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17049478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8320                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8320                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     48183192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       48183192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     48183192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      48183192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       285581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       285581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       285840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       285840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       285840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       285840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34091374351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34091374351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23434433                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23434433                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34114808784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34114808784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34114808784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34114808784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     31419295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31419295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17049737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17049737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8320                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8320                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     48469032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48469032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     48469032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48469032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119375.498899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119375.498899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90480.436293                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90480.436293                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119349.317045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119349.317045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119349.317045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119349.317045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           17186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       204996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       204996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        80585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        80663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        80663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8830283813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8830283813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5676282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5676282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8835960095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8835960095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8835960095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8835960095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109577.263920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109577.263920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 72772.846154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72772.846154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109541.674560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109541.674560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109541.674560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109541.674560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              519.829905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1013311180                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1944935.086372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.829905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.060625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11987029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11987029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11987029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11987029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11987029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11987029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7681150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7681150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7681150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7681150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7681150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7681150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11987075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11987075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11987075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11987075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11987075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11987075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166981.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166981.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166981.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166981.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166981.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166981.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6439163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6439163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6439163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6439163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6439163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6439163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165106.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165106.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165106.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165106.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165106.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165106.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                55366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              172635290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                55622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3103.723167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.984662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.015338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.914003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.085997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8458314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8458314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7155001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7155001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17472                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17472                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16463                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16463                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15613315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15613315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15613315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15613315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       189518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3750                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3750                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       193268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       193268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       193268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       193268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  24626976660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24626976660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    479809579                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    479809579                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25106786239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25106786239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25106786239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25106786239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8647832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8647832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7158751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7158751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17472                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17472                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16463                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16463                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15806583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15806583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15806583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15806583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 129945.317384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129945.317384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 127949.221067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127949.221067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 129906.586910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129906.586910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 129906.586910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129906.586910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           18719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       134312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       137902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       137902                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137902                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5795307729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5795307729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11357174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11357174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5806664903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5806664903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5806664903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5806664903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104976.048419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104976.048419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 70982.337500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70982.337500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104877.811346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104877.811346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104877.811346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104877.811346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              517.231121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1012184410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1954023.957529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    42.231121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.067678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12176314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12176314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12176314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12176314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12176314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12176314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9015785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9015785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9015785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9015785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9015785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9015785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12176363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12176363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12176363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12176363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12176363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12176363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183995.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183995.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183995.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183995.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183995.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183995.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7749614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7749614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7749614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7749614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7749614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7749614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 180223.581395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180223.581395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 180223.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180223.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 180223.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180223.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                40858                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166561133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                41114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4051.202340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.146890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.853110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.910730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.089270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8377657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8377657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7053558                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7053558                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18542                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18542                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16983                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16983                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15431215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15431215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15431215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15431215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       130817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       131696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       131696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       131696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       131696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16086467447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16086467447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     76631472                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76631472                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16163098919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16163098919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16163098919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16163098919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8508474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8508474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7054437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7054437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18542                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18542                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16983                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16983                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15562911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15562911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15562911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15562911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122969.242889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122969.242889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87180.286689                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87180.286689                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122730.370846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122730.370846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122730.370846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122730.370846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        90109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        90838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        90838                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90838                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4204639286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4204639286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10184157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10184157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4214823443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4214823443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4214823443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4214823443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103287.788297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103287.788297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67894.380000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67894.380000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103157.850188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103157.850188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103157.850188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103157.850188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              516.239817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1012186187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1957806.938104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    41.239817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.066089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12178091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12178091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12178091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12178091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12178091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12178091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8566965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8566965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8566965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8566965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8566965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8566965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12178141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12178141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12178141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12178141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12178141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12178141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171339.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171339.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171339.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171339.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171339.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171339.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7189168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7189168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7189168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7189168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7189168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7189168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171170.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171170.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171170.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171170.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171170.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171170.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                40870                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              166564449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                41126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4050.100885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.148438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.851562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.910736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.089264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8379845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8379845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7054726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7054726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18501                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18501                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16984                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16984                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15434571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15434571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15434571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15434571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       130886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          848                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          848                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       131734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       131734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       131734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       131734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16076617773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16076617773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     74368297                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74368297                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16150986070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16150986070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  16150986070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16150986070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8510731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8510731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7055574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7055574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18501                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18501                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16984                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16984                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15566305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15566305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15566305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15566305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122829.162577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122829.162577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87698.463443                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87698.463443                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122603.018735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122603.018735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122603.018735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122603.018735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        90162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        90864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        90864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4186904803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4186904803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9950473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9950473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4196855276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4196855276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4196855276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4196855276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102811.727802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102811.727802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 68153.924658                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68153.924658                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102687.919648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102687.919648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102687.919648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102687.919648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              496.517367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1015370120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2038895.823293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    41.517367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.066534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12270680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12270680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12270680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12270680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12270680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12270680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10112263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10112263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10112263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10112263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10112263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10112263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12270732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12270732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12270732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12270732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12270732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12270732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 194466.596154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 194466.596154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 194466.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 194466.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 194466.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 194466.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8254956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8254956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8254956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8254956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8254956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8254956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 191975.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191975.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 191975.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191975.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 191975.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191975.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                36240                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              164320803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                36496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4502.433226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.432190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.567810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.911844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.088156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9780680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9780680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7266813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7266813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19553                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19553                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17676                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17676                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17047493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17047493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17047493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17047493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        93088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        95203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        95203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        95203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        95203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9990604527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9990604527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    142072782                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    142072782                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10132677309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10132677309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10132677309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10132677309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9873768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9873768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7268928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7268928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19553                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19553                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17676                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17676                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17142696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17142696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17142696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17142696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107324.300952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107324.300952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67173.892199                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67173.892199                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106432.332059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106432.332059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106432.332059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106432.332059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       261977                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 37425.285714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        57057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        58963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        58963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3566196963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3566196963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     15875596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15875596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3582072559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3582072559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3582072559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3582072559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 98975.797591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98975.797591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 75959.789474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75959.789474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 98843.061783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98843.061783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 98843.061783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98843.061783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              519.312604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1013317803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1944947.798464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    37.312604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.059796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11993652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11993652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11993652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11993652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11993652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11993652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8922197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8922197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8922197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8922197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8922197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8922197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11993701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11993701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11993701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11993701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11993701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11993701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182085.653061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182085.653061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182085.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182085.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182085.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182085.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7117859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7117859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7117859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7117859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7117859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7117859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182509.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182509.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182509.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182509.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182509.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182509.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                55437                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              172640466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                55693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3099.859336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.984734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.015266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.914003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.085997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8459760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8459760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7158712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7158712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17481                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17481                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16473                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16473                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15618472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15618472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15618472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15618472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       189533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3787                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3787                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       193320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       193320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       193320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       193320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  24561361700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24561361700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    480665635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    480665635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25042027335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25042027335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25042027335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25042027335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8649293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8649293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7162499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7162499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17481                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17481                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15811792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15811792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15811792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15811792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 129588.840466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129588.840466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126925.174280                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126925.174280                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 129536.661158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129536.661158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 129536.661158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129536.661158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        18346                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        18346                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19397                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           19397                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       134254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       137883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       137883                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137883                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        55279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        55437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        55437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5737481228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5737481228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11237914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11237914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5748719142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5748719142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5748719142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5748719142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103791.335371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103791.335371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 71126.037975                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71126.037975                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103698.236593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103698.236593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103698.236593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103698.236593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.903614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1013309001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1941204.982759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    36.903614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.059140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11984850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11984850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11984850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11984850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11984850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11984850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8486881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8486881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8486881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8486881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8486881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8486881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11984899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11984899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11984899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11984899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11984899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11984899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173201.653061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173201.653061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173201.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173201.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173201.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173201.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6945394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6945394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6945394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6945394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6945394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6945394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173634.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173634.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173634.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173634.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173634.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173634.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                55495                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              172634398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                55751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3096.525587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.030311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.969689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8456910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8456910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7155461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7155461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17523                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17523                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15612371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15612371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15612371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15612371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       189736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3760                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3760                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       193496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       193496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       193496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       193496                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  24695564998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24695564998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    476889704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    476889704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25172454702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25172454702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25172454702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25172454702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8646646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8646646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7159221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7159221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17523                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17523                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15805867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15805867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15805867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15805867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130157.508317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130157.508317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126832.368085                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126832.368085                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130092.894437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130092.894437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130092.894437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130092.894437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18837                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           18837                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       134398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3603                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3603                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       138001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       138001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        55338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        55495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        55495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5818423853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5818423853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11070902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11070902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5829494755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5829494755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5829494755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5829494755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105143.370794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105143.370794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 70515.299363                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70515.299363                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105045.405082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105045.405082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105045.405082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105045.405082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              518.858628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1013315903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1948684.428846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    36.858628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.059068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11991752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11991752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11991752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11991752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11991752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11991752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7989548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7989548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7989548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7989548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7989548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7989548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11991798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11991798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11991798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11991798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11991798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11991798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173685.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173685.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173685.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173685.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173685.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173685.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6611364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6611364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6611364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6611364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6611364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6611364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173983.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173983.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173983.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173983.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173983.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173983.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                55502                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              172639082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                55758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3096.220847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.985131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.014869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8460995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8460995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7156134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7156134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16466                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16466                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15617129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15617129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15617129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15617129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       189191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3752                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3752                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       192943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       192943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       192943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       192943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24510140010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24510140010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    469014839                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    469014839                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24979154849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24979154849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24979154849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24979154849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8650186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8650186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7159886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7159886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17447                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17447                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16466                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16466                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15810072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15810072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15810072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15810072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 129552.357195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129552.357195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125003.954957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125003.954957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 129463.908248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129463.908248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 129463.908248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129463.908248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       102313                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       102313                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19089                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           19089                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       133847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       137441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       137441                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137441                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5767603344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5767603344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     11152836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11152836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5778756180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5778756180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5778756180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5778756180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104213.705984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104213.705984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 70587.569620                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70587.569620                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104117.980974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104117.980974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104117.980974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104117.980974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              580.024174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1042824385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1788721.072041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    39.012095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.012079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.062519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11867620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11867620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11867620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11867620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11867620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11867620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8776851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8776851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8776851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8776851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8776851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8776851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11867671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11867671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11867671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11867671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11867671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11867671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172095.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172095.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172095.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172095.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172095.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172095.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7026014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7026014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7026014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7026014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7026014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7026014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175650.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175650.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175650.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175650.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175650.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175650.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                80553                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              450296203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                80809                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5572.352127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.899505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.100495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     31108162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31108162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17032929                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17032929                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8324                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8324                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8312                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8312                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     48141091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       48141091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     48141091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      48141091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       284439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       284439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       284697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       284697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       284697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       284697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34111971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34111971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     23396803                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23396803                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34135367803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34135367803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34135367803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34135367803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     31392601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31392601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17033187                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17033187                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8324                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8324                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8312                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8312                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     48425788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48425788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     48425788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48425788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119927.193528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119927.193528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 90685.282946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90685.282946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119900.693731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119900.693731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119900.693731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119900.693731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17476                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           17476                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       203964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       203964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       204144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       204144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       204144                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       204144                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        80475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        80553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        80553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8852440061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8852440061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5692859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5692859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8858132920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8858132920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8858132920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8858132920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110002.361740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110002.361740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 72985.371795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72985.371795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109966.517945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109966.517945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109966.517945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109966.517945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.040897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1012188612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1954032.069498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    42.040897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.067373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12180516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12180516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12180516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12180516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12180516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12180516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8349057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8349057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8349057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8349057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8349057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8349057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12180564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12180564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12180564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12180564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12180564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12180564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173938.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173938.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173938.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173938.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173938.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173938.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7335904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7335904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7335904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7335904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7335904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7335904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170602.418605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170602.418605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170602.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170602.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170602.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170602.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                40874                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              166567497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                41130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4049.781109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.148340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.851660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.910736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.089264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8381786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8381786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7055769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7055769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18560                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18560                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15437555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       15437555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15437555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      15437555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       130762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          844                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          844                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       131606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       131606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       131606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       131606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15998558096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15998558096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     72743958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72743958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16071302054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16071302054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16071302054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16071302054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8512548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8512548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7056613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18560                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18560                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15569161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15569161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15569161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15569161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122348.680014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122348.680014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86189.523697                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86189.523697                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122116.788399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122116.788399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122116.788399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122116.788399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        90034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        90732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        90732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4167841179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4167841179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9822648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9822648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4177663827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4177663827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4177663827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4177663827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102333.558707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102333.558707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 67278.410959                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67278.410959                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102208.343372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102208.343372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102208.343372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102208.343372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              492.366466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1015375906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2059586.016227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    37.366466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.059882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12276466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12276466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12276466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12276466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12276466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12276466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10090584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10090584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10090584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10090584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10090584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10090584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12276519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12276519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12276519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12276519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12276519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12276519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 190388.377358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190388.377358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 190388.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190388.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 190388.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190388.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7457139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7457139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7457139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7457139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7457139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7457139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 196240.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196240.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 196240.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196240.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 196240.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196240.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                36285                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              164333534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                36541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4497.236912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.432575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.567425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.911846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9788051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9788051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7272176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7272176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19538                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19538                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17688                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17688                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17060227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17060227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17060227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17060227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        93088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        95216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        95216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        95216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        95216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9840850333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9840850333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    141319934                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    141319934                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9982170267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9982170267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9982170267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9982170267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9881139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9881139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7274304                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274304                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19538                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19538                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17688                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17688                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17155443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17155443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17155443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17155443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105715.563048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105715.563048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66409.743421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66409.743421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104837.110013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104837.110013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104837.110013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104837.110013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       148150                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14815                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        57012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58931                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58931                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3517435380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3517435380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15810856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15810856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3533246236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3533246236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3533246236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3533246236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97500.703515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97500.703515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 75650.028708                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75650.028708                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97374.844591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97374.844591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97374.844591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97374.844591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              581.019983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1042823659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1782604.545299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    40.653574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   540.366409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.065150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.865972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11866894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11866894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11866894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11866894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11866894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11866894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8105187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8105187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8105187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8105187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8105187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8105187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11866945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11866945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11866945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11866945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11866945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11866945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158925.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158925.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158925.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158925.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158925.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158925.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6671307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6671307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6671307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6671307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6671307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6671307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158840.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158840.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158840.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158840.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158840.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158840.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                80615                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              450320051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                80871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5568.374955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.901853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.098147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     31122111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31122111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17042321                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17042321                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8317                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8317                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     48164432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       48164432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     48164432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      48164432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       285366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       285366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       285622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       285622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       285622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       285622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  34141459131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34141459131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22599318                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22599318                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  34164058449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34164058449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  34164058449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34164058449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     31407477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31407477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17042577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17042577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8317                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8317                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     48450054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48450054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     48450054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48450054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119640.949276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119640.949276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 88278.585938                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88278.585938                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119612.839519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119612.839519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119612.839519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119612.839519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           16501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       204829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       204829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       205007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       205007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        80537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        80615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        80615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8863243702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8863243702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5551941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5551941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8868795643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8868795643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8868795643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8868795643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110051.823410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110051.823410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 71178.730769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71178.730769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110014.211288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110014.211288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110014.211288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110014.211288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              492.257023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1015378175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2059590.618661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.257023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.059707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.788873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12278735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12278735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12278735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12278735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12278735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12278735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9247215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9247215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9247215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9247215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9247215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9247215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12278785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12278785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12278785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12278785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12278785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12278785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 184944.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184944.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 184944.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184944.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 184944.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184944.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7225381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7225381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7225381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7225381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7225381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7225381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 190141.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190141.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 190141.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190141.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 190141.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190141.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                36299                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              164339767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                36555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4495.685050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.433712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.566288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.911850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.088150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9791945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9791945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7274583                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7274583                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19465                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19465                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17693                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17693                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17066528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       17066528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17066528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      17066528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        93197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2137                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2137                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        95334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        95334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        95334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        95334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9819004361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9819004361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    141889306                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    141889306                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9960893667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9960893667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9960893667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9960893667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9885142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9885142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7276720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7276720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        19465                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19465                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17693                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17693                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17161862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17161862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17161862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17161862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105357.515381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105357.515381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66396.493215                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66396.493215                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104484.167946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104484.167946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104484.167946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104484.167946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       162769                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 20346.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8301                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8301                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        57107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        59035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        59035                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59035                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3496931952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3496931952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     15922678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15922678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3512854630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3512854630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3512854630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3512854630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 96894.761762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96894.761762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 76185.062201                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76185.062201                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 96775.520813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96775.520813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 96775.520813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96775.520813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              528.929705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1017909055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1920583.122642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.929705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.062387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12133730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12133730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12133730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12133730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12133730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12133730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7979549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7979549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7979549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7979549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7979549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7979549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12133782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12133782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12133782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12133782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12133782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12133782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153452.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153452.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153452.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153452.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153452.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153452.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6413078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6413078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6413078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6413078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6413078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6413078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160326.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160326.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160326.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160326.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160326.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160326.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                71432                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              181289256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                71688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2528.864747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.158202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.841798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8417987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8417987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6973268                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6973268                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19497                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19497                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16272                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16272                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15391255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15391255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15391255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15391255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       181287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       182096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       182096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       182096                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       182096                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21800675255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21800675255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     69187049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69187049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21869862304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21869862304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21869862304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21869862304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8599274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8599274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6974077                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6974077                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19497                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19497                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16272                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16272                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15573351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15573351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15573351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15573351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120255.038999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120255.038999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85521.692213                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85521.692213                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120100.728758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120100.728758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120100.728758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120100.728758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            9023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       109989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       110664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       110664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7713445199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7713445199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8955350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8955350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7722400549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7722400549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7722400549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7722400549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108185.996788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108185.996788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66830.970149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66830.970149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108108.418482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108108.418482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108108.418482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108108.418482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
