
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010468                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10468144905                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538243521450                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 414416                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   523645                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 268102                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67607060                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39045.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16181022267                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20445903173                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       170624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       143872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       407680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       179072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       244096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       251904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       411776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       147712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       363520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       365184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       147968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       250240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       365824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       147968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       177024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       364928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4212096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1232640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1232640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 32907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9630                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9630                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       464648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     16299354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       427965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13743791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       476875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     38944818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       464648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17106374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       342372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23317981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       427965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24063863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       440193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39336100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       440193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14110619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       415737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     34726306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       440193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     34885264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       415737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     14135074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       403510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23904904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       452420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     34946402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       427965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14135074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       476875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     16910733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       427965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     34860809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               402372726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       464648                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       427965                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       476875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       464648                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       342372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       427965                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       440193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       440193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       415737                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       440193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       415737                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       403510                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       452420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       427965                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       476875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       427965                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6945261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         117751522                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              117751522                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         117751522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       464648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     16299354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       427965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13743791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       476875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     38944818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       464648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17106374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       342372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23317981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       427965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24063863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       440193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39336100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       440193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14110619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       415737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     34726306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       440193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     34885264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       415737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     14135074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       403510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23904904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       452420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     34946402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       427965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14135074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       476875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     16910733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       427965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     34860809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              520124248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25103466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2068820                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692841                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204904                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       872015                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815364                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213874                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9315                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19967100                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11560171                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2068820                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029238                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2414387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        557970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       451291                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1223117                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204976                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23183218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20768831     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112578      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         179211      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         242240      1.04%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         249012      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         209775      0.90%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         118532      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         176393      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1126646      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23183218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082412                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460501                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19766262                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       654060                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2410072                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2644                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       350175                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340203                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14189185                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1544                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       350175                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19820094                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        132955                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       397851                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2359559                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       122579                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14183764                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        16640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19791386                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     65978272                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     65978272                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2637988                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3484                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1795                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          368830                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1331142                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       718857                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8575                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       192057                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14166538                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3494                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13457036                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1981                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1565835                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3737494                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           96                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23183218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17469724     75.36%     75.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2365040     10.20%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1194521      5.15%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       886645      3.82%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       697656      3.01%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283840      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179923      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93295      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12574      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23183218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2474     10.97%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8259     36.61%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11824     52.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11317949     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199882      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221025      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716493      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13457036                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.536063                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22557                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50121828                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15735923                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13250368                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13479593                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26554                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216591                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           57                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9807                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       350175                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        105771                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11724                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14170055                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1711                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1331142                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718857                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1797                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9854                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           57                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119506                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114324                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233830                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13267178                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147516                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189858                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1863945                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885363                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716429                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528500                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13250484                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13250368                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7605853                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20499219                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527830                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371031                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1864757                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       207227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22833043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.384838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17770616     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2515277     11.02%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       944981      4.14%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449777      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       389047      1.70%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218522      0.96%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       185231      0.81%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86194      0.38%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273398      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22833043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823601                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114551                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       273398                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36729633                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28690298                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304906                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1920248                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.510346                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.510346                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398351                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398351                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59713616                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18458447                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13149740                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25103461                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2271557                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1891977                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208445                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       895603                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830846                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244094                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9792                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19781814                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12462931                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2271557                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1074940                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2597880                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        579455                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       667570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1229843                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199278                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23416391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20818511     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         158728      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         201891      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         320659      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         134095      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         171500      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         200529      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          91551      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1318927      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23416391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090488                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.496463                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19665439                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       795204                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2585618                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1260                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       368863                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       344795                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     15230101                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1595                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       368863                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19685599                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         63598                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       676111                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2566712                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        55502                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     15136599                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         8042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        38579                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     21144698                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     70389119                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     70389119                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17678713                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3465985                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3688                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1934                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          195661                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1416702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       739935                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8382                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       167760                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14776453                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3701                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14171375                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14951                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1802614                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3672798                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          166                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23416391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17409481     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2742183     11.71%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1118601      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627853      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       849531      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261707      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       258449      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       137610      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10976      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23416391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98482     79.29%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13048     10.51%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12672     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11939484     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193731      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1753      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1299100      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737307      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14171375                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.564519                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            124202                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008764                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51898294                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16582847                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13801573                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14295577                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10536                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       267593                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9623                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       368863                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         48760                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6293                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14780158                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10863                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1416702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       739935                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1935                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5458                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123960                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116200                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       240160                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13924005                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277822                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       247370                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2015026                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1968715                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           737204                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.554665                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13801654                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13801573                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8268405                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        22208928                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.549788                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372301                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10285355                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12674110                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2106084                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3535                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       210009                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23047528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17681212     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2720063     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       988370      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491575      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449253      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189293      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       187061      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88869      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251832      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23047528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10285355                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12674110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1879421                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1149109                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1764                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1837063                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11410889                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       261740                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       251832                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           37575825                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29929260                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                302305                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1687070                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10285355                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12674110                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10285355                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.440700                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.440700                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.409719                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.409719                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       62654812                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      19287634                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      14086958                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3532                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25103466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1956139                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1764598                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       105031                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       727481                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         696026                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107740                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4615                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20721932                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12308165                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1956139                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       803766                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2431885                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        330276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       476170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1191620                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105351                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23852658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21420773     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          86150      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         177217      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          74001      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         403106      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         359482      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          69358      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         146656      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1115915      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23852658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077923                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.490297                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20604419                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       595235                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2422721                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         7855                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       222423                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       171991                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14433240                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1521                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       222423                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20626712                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        419247                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       107977                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2409707                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        66585                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14424501                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        27477                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        24402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          494                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     16949502                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     67935326                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     67935326                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     14991967                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        1957524                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1714                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          885                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          170992                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3398312                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1717349                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15624                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        83185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14393375                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1721                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13826274                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7409                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1133226                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2727081                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           49                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23852658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18942294     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1469160      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1206967      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       520915      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       662211      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639981      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       364407      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28540      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18183      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23852658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35065     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272644     86.40%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7867      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8680031     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120888      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          828      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3311425     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1713102     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13826274                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.550772                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315576                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51828191                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15528678                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13705626                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14141850                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24937                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135288                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          357                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11173                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1226                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       222423                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        383275                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17929                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14395109                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3398312                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1717349                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          886                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12084                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          357                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60095                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62719                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       122814                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13727600                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3299766                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98674                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            5012721                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1797863                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1712955                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.546841                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13706128                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13705626                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7405145                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14599894                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.545965                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507205                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11124819                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13073496                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1323007                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1672                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       107097                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23630235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18890869     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1728773      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       811537      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       801509      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218371      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       933087      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69799      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50911      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125379      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23630235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11124819                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13073496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              4969200                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3263024                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1726317                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11625719                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       126686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       125379                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37901320                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          29015468                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                456025                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1250808                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11124819                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13073496                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11124819                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.256528                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.256528                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.443159                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.443159                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       67851726                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      15927253                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      17172961                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1670                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25103466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2068766                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692832                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204401                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       870854                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814357                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213859                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9318                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19954272                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11562227                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2068766                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1028216                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2414933                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        556844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       453181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1222241                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204515                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23172195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20757262     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         112538      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         179511      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         242669      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         248794      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         210065      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         117910      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         175697      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1127749      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23172195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082410                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460583                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19752960                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       656410                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2410575                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2696                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       349549                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       340241                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14191784                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1528                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       349549                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19806652                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        134510                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       398852                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2360286                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       122341                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14186834                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        16649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        53284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19798453                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     65993103                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     65993103                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17159122                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2639331                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3411                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1723                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          368487                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1331293                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       719152                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8445                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       219347                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14168932                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3419                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13460499                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1957                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1563849                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3733810                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23172195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17437587     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2389480     10.31%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1203066      5.19%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       878235      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       693805      2.99%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283840      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180116      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93462      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12604      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23172195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2489     11.03%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8244     36.54%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11826     52.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11320376     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200116      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1688      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221607      9.08%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716712      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13460499                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536201                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22559                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50117709                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15736263                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13253465                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13483058                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27071                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216341                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       349549                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        107166                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11845                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14172375                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1858                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1331293                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719152                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1723                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9950                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118791                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114544                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       233335                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13270080                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147861                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190419                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1864515                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1885812                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           716654                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528615                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13253596                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13253465                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7608387                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20505053                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527954                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371049                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10003378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12309518                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1862860                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       206732                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22822646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17741587     77.74%     77.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2532763     11.10%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943560      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449707      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399756      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218854      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       178846      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86440      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271133      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22822646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10003378                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12309518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1824272                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1114952                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1775160                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11090725                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       253534                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       271133                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36723826                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28694322                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                304250                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1931271                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10003378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12309518                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10003378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.509499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.509499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398486                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398486                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       59726713                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18464311                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13152489                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3392                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25103466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1899977                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700108                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153208                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1288796                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1252127                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111032                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4591                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20160964                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10802644                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1899977                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1363159                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2407928                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        504351                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       292377                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1220934                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150065                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23211586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20803658     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         371101      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         182330      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         366456      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         113905      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         340274      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          52289      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          85253      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         896320      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23211586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075686                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430325                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19925940                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       532316                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2402953                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2003                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       348373                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       175832                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1944                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12051295                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         4605                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       348373                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19952878                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        316034                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       135119                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2377828                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        81347                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12032685                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        64890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     15734689                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     54482822                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     54482822                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     12713434                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3021255                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1582                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          806                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          177122                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      2202192                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       344230                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3143                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        78254                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         11968836                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1589                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        11190736                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7409                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2193701                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4518062                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23211586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18302227     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1533216      6.61%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1658937      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       957911      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       488354      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122124      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142612      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3435      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2770      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23211586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18423     57.48%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7470     23.31%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6160     19.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8755978     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85611      0.77%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          777      0.01%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2007398     17.94%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340972      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     11190736                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.445784                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32053                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45632520                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14164159                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10903989                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     11222789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8656                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       454697                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           21                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8785                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       348373                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        211465                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10006                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11970432                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          863                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2202192                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344230                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          805                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4109                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          208                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103111                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58832                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       161943                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11050845                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1979575                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       139891                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2320491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1681828                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           340916                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.440212                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             10906818                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            10903989                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6604299                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        14261945                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.434362                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.463071                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8692272                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      9759518                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2211399                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1568                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       152065                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22863213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19243514     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1412366      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916496      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286661      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       483211      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92039      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58596      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53078      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317252      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22863213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      8692272                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      9759518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2082940                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1747495                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1499504                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         8521160                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       119424                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       317252                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           34516852                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          24290455                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                453056                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1891880                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           8692272                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             9759518                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      8692272                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.888021                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.888021                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.346258                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.346258                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       51411534                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      14178763                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12844763                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1568                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25103466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2038863                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1671136                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202085                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       832883                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         793117                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209007                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8974                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19494343                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11606583                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2038863                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1002124                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2551088                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        578105                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       651386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1203349                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23069532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20518444     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         276363      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         319512      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         174854      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         200847      0.87%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         111097      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          75595      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         197722      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1195098      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23069532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081218                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.462350                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19329471                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       819640                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2529223                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        20613                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       370584                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       331372                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2131                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14170790                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        11308                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       370584                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19361689                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        227874                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       503632                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2518860                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        86884                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14160834                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        20797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        41440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19673531                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     65945727                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     65945727                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16736773                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2936758                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3738                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2105                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          236479                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1357027                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       738034                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19565                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       163316                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14136122                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3748                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13339778                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18853                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1808793                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4200150                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          462                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23069532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17451626     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2257917      9.79%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214322      5.26%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840806      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       735051      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375087      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91873      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58878      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43972      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23069532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3287     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13036     44.08%     55.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13253     44.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11161209     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208649      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1631      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1236446      9.27%     94.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731843      5.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13339778                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.531392                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29576                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002217                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49797517                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15948795                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13111106                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13369354                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33238                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246983                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           66                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          135                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19334                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       370584                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        181202                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13465                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14139890                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6400                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1357027                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738034                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9542                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          135                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115792                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114701                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       230493                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13137443                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1159249                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202335                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1890838                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1836285                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           731589                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.523332                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13111398                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13111106                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7793369                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20419706                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.522283                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381659                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9831104                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12061739                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2078323                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3286                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       203166                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22698948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17772347     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2284096     10.06%     88.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       958418      4.22%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       574037      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398738      1.76%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       256622      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134663      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107560      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212467      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22698948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9831104                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12061739                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1828744                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1110044                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1726120                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10874376                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       245443                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       212467                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36626478                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          28650727                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                302129                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2033934                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9831104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12061739                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9831104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.553474                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.553474                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.391623                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.391623                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59264769                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18193473                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13222378                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3282                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25103466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1956322                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1764637                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104847                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       739562                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         696241                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107779                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4626                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20720531                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12308281                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1956322                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       804020                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2432558                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        330196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       468995                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1191582                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105170                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23844858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21412300     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          86871      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         177830      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          73691      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         402537      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         359533      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          69206      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         146175      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1116715      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23844858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077930                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.490302                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20603622                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       587535                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2423281                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         7887                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       222528                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       172143                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14433950                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1505                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       222528                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20625220                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        413969                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       106732                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2411013                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        65389                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14425490                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        27568                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        23846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          446                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     16950110                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     67939947                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     67939947                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     14993591                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        1956519                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1682                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          854                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          167082                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3398871                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1717633                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15587                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        83697                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14394471                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1688                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13826612                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7484                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1134048                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2732181                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23844858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18934211     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1468243      6.16%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1207959      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       521619      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661947      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       640463      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       363563      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28711      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18142      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23844858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34965     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272650     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7891      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8679667     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120940      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          828      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3311833     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1713344     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13826612                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.550785                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315506                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022819                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51821072                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15530568                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13705921                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14142118                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25106                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135727                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          362                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11382                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1227                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       222528                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        377884                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17999                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14396173                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3398871                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1717633                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          854                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12103                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          362                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59874                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62849                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       122723                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13728091                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3300308                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            5013475                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1798131                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1713167                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.546860                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13706445                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13705921                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7406221                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14598516                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.545977                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507327                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11125787                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13074692                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1322747                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       106912                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23622330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18882365     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1729122      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       811626      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       801672      3.39%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218294      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       933021      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69950      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50919      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125361      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23622330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11125787                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13074692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              4969395                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             3263144                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1726497                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11626780                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       126705                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       125361                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           37894369                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          29017442                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                456122                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1258608                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11125787                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13074692                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11125787                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.256332                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.256332                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.443197                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.443197                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       67853701                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      15926388                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      17173619                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1668                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25103466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2270097                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1890097                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208724                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       894443                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830487                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244116                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9807                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19776522                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12451536                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2270097                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1074603                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2595644                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        580394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       668392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1229814                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199792                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23410345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20814701     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         159071      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         200382      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         320450      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         134353      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         171714      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         200442      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          92112      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1317120      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23410345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090430                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496009                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19661272                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       794743                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2583519                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1290                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       369514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       345232                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15219338                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1602                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       369514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19681008                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         63612                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       676414                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2565039                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        54752                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15128264                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        37806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21130456                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     70348448                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     70348448                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17661814                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3468631                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3678                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1925                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          192334                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1416509                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       739825                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8324                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       167725                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14769076                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3690                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14163283                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14835                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1805426                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3678922                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          159                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23410345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17407314     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2740376     11.71%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1117962      4.78%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627030      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       849107      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261546      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       258208      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       137929      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10873      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23410345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98238     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13071     10.54%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12675     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11932151     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193500      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1752      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1298631      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737249      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14163283                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.564196                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123984                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008754                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51875729                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16578272                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13793166                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14287267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10526                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268540                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10220                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       369514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         48735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6318                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14772773                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1416509                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       739825                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1926                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5519                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123815                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116331                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       240146                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13915916                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1276945                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       247366                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2014099                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1967698                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           737154                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.554342                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13793248                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13793166                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8260367                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        22192791                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.549453                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372209                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10275491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12661863                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2110950                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3531                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       210277                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23040831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17680481     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2716704     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       987548      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       490441      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449265      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       188973      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186801      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88935      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251683      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23040831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10275491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12661863                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1877574                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1147969                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1835249                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11399872                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       261472                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       251683                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37561896                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29915154                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                302708                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1693121                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10275491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12661863                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10275491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.443043                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.443043                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.409326                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.409326                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       62614997                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19274571                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14074573                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3528                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25103466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2039500                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1668713                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201574                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       837212                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         801024                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208533                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8920                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19766855                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11575299                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2039500                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1009557                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2424874                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        587189                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       352777                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1217926                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202854                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22925830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20500956     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         132273      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         207209      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         330188      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         136431      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         152214      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         162358      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         106114      0.46%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1198087      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22925830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081244                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461104                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19584866                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       536567                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2417018                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         6343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       381032                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       333532                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14134511                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       381032                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19616230                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        171365                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       276398                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2392523                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        88278                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14124816                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         2474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        24507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        33233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4309                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19609391                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     65701266                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     65701266                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16686688                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2922675                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3587                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1973                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          265715                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1348090                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       722154                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21822                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       165249                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14102109                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3597                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13322763                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16703                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1827435                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4100658                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          342                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22925830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17311728     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2251261      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1231657      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840993      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786769      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       225272      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176760      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59907      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41483      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22925830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3178     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10015     39.45%     51.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12196     48.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11161622     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210977      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1230704      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717847      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13322763                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530714                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25389                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001906                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49613444                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15933292                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13105202                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13348152                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40118                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246811                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           28                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21988                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          858                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       381032                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        118068                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11871                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14105724                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1348090                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722154                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1971                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8729                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116438                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116291                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       232729                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13130897                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1157722                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191862                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1875211                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1846227                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           717489                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523071                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13105435                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13105202                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7664916                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20030734                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522048                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382658                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9801742                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12014173                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2091563                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       205514                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22544798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17666415     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2363568     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920417      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494531      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370542      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206267      0.91%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128830      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114129      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       280099      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22544798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9801742                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12014173                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1801442                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1101276                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1724476                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10825709                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       244044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       280099                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36370370                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          28592556                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                321307                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2177636                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9801742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12014173                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9801742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.561123                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.561123                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390454                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390454                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       59208372                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18169818                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13178671                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25103466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2038207                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1667723                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201662                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       834752                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800617                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208452                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8932                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19761197                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11567376                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2038207                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1009069                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2423658                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        587805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       354087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1217841                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203016                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     22920768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20497110     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         132558      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         207271      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         330063      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         136388      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         151670      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         162480      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         105754      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1197474      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     22920768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081192                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.460788                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19579210                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       537805                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2416016                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         6200                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       381533                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       333248                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          271                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14125448                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1611                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       381533                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19610747                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        168806                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       280060                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2391215                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        88403                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14115745                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         2471                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        24052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        33427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4470                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19595376                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     65660781                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     65660781                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16672714                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2922641                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3618                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2004                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          266008                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1347341                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       722272                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21684                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       165887                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14093506                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3625                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13315102                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16677                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1828079                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4099117                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          374                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22920768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17309733     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2250275      9.82%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1230141      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841379      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786408      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       224813      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176895      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59651      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41473      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22920768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3142     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10066     39.59%     51.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12217     48.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11155175     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210741      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1612      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1229817      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717757      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13315102                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530409                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25425                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001909                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49593074                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15925360                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13096301                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13340527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39241                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246947                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22661                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          857                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       381533                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        116796                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11894                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14097153                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1347341                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722272                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2002                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8735                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116699                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116216                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       232915                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13121813                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1156293                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193289                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1873700                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1844974                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           717407                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522709                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13096512                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13096301                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7660431                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20019888                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521693                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382641                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9793541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12004242                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2092947                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3251                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       205628                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22539235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17664079     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2362363     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919461      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494332      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370243      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206477      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128676      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114284      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279320      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22539235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9793541                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12004242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1800005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1100394                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1622                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1723083                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10816753                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       243852                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       279320                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36357039                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          28575941                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                321273                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2182698                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9793541                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12004242                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9793541                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.563268                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.563268                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390127                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390127                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       59166362                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18156496                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13169597                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3248                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25103466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2271864                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1891882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208719                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       893006                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830469                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244262                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9748                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19779622                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12463754                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2271864                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1074731                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2597772                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        580343                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       664745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1230021                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199575                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23411884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20814112     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         159062      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         201518      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         320594      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         133396      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         171574      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         200850      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          92025      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1318753      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23411884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090500                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.496495                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19663740                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       791898                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2585522                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1240                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       369477                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       345222                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          268                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     15230894                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1599                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       369477                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19683903                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         63901                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       672647                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2566595                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        55355                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     15137728                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        38403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     21147973                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     70392100                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     70392100                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17674192                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3473762                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3675                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1921                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          195338                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1416503                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       739931                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8106                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       168439                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14779497                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3686                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14174080                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14882                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1806525                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3675270                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          155                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23411884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326488                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17404926     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2742162     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1118866      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       626467      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       850010      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261791      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       258803      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       137900      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10959      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23411884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98455     79.29%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13055     10.51%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12661     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11941924     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193886      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1753      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1299112      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737405      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14174080                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.564626                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            124171                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008760                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51899097                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16589783                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13803144                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14298251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10289                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       267737                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9835                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       369477                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         49169                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6312                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14783184                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11017                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1416503                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       739931                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1922                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5532                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           77                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123493                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116717                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       240210                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13925383                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277173                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       248697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2014498                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1969138                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           737325                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.554720                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13803230                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13803144                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8269919                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        22212396                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.549850                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372311                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10282670                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12670742                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2112483                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3531                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       210277                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23042407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17677780     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2719352     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       987721      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491627      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449069      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189143      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186765      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89114      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251836      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23042407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10282670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12670742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1878862                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1148766                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1836577                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11407827                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       261655                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       251836                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37573731                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          29935947                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                302537                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1691582                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10282670                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12670742                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10282670                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.441337                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.441337                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.409612                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.409612                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       62658367                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      19290982                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      14087497                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3528                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25103466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2039946                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1672101                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201865                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       837113                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         794219                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9067                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19494176                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11611124                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2039946                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1003821                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2551626                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        576558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       642470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1203025                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200246                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23059718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20508092     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         276215      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         318778      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         175596      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         201424      0.87%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         111417      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          75934      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         198178      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1194084      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23059718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081262                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.462531                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19330972                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       809040                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2529693                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        20695                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       369317                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       331396                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         2131                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14172253                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        11265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       369317                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19362929                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        248392                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       472940                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2519683                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        86448                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14162520                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        20967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        41001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19678813                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     65952274                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     65952274                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16752704                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2926103                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3826                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          233882                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1355608                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       738038                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       163479                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14140019                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3838                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13348006                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18993                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1801952                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4174491                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          546                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23059718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17438231     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2260042      9.80%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214234      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841051      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       736158      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375352      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91612      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59025      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44013      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23059718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3342     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12625     43.28%     54.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13204     45.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11168163     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208918      1.57%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1632      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1237270      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732023      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13348006                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.531720                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29171                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002185                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49803894                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15945942                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13120274                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13377177                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33539                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244526                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          135                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18663                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          817                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       369317                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        201409                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13701                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14143879                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5531                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1355608                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738038                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9748                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          135                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115967                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114187                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       230154                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13146304                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1160182                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201702                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1891974                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1837773                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           731792                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.523685                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13120592                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13120274                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7798316                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        20428710                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.522648                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381733                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9840497                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12073146                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2070885                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3292                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       202892                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22690401                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17758487     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2286212     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959238      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       576222      2.54%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398481      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       257334      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134333      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107552      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212542      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22690401                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9840497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12073146                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1830453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1111078                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1642                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1727721                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10884659                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       245662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       212542                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           36621825                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          28657403                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                301465                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2043748                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9840497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12073146                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9840497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.551036                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.551036                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.391998                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.391998                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       59308451                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      18206007                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13228136                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3290                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25103466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2038543                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1667379                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201299                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       835637                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800793                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208735                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19765022                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11569174                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2038543                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1009528                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2423606                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        586155                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       354091                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1217531                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202625                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     22923250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20499644     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         132595      0.58%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         207045      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         329826      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         136127      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         152252      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         162494      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         105693      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1197574      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     22923250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081206                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19582315                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       538617                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2415820                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6258                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       380236                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       333886                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14126022                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       380236                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19613696                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        171216                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       279504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2391249                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        87345                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14116298                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        24214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        33217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3677                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19595863                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     65664908                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     65664908                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     16683085                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2912754                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3606                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1991                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          265811                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1347066                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       722734                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21680                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       164904                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14094245                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3616                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13319940                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16694                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1820889                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4081231                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          362                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22923250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17309727     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2250568      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1232163      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841513      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786002      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       225351      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       177085      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59494      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41347      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22923250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3183     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10082     39.53%     52.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12240     47.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11158517     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210912      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1230759      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718139      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13319940                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530602                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25505                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001915                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49605324                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15918903                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13101063                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13345445                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39689                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245997                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22687                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          855                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       380236                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        117446                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12262                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14097887                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1347066                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722734                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1991                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9113                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116165                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116130                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       232295                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13127021                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1157791                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192914                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1875589                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1846626                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           717798                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522917                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13101281                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13101063                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7663322                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20022967                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521883                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382727                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9799711                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12011695                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2086195                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3254                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       205269                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22543014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17664597     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2363706     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920860      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494136      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370596      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206564      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128831      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114121      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279603      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22543014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9799711                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12011695                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1801113                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1101066                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1724107                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10823501                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       244000                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       279603                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36361236                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28576066                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                321044                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2180216                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9799711                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12011695                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9799711                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.561654                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.561654                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390373                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390373                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       59190076                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18161947                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13172737                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3250                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25103466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2272310                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1892065                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208545                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       894532                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831037                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244276                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9694                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19776659                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12465984                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2272310                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1075313                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2597778                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        580235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       672002                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1229762                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199399                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23416241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20818463     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         158676      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         200044      0.85%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         320237      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         134732      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         172465      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         201340      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          92278      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1318006      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23416241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090518                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.496584                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19661138                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       798777                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2585539                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1249                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       369531                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       345433                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          271                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15235336                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1610                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       369531                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19681216                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         63236                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       680492                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2566687                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        55073                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15142309                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         7909                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        38300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     21149341                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     70415466                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     70415466                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17674388                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3474926                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3728                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1974                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          194473                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1417670                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       740403                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8437                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       168569                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14780227                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3740                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14174940                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14514                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1806339                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3679675                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          208                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23416241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17409254     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2741294     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1118732      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627211      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       851258      3.64%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261356      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       258045      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       138261      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10830      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23416241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         97940     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13099     10.59%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12682     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11941894     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193762      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1753      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1299749      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737782      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14174940                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.564661                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123721                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008728                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51904355                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16590390                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13803627                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14298661                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10565                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268890                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           87                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10298                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       369531                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         48486                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6328                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14783972                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11283                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1417670                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       740403                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1975                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5530                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           87                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123343                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       239903                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13926778                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1278072                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       248161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2015755                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1969010                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           737683                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.554775                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13803708                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13803627                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8268930                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        22216835                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.549869                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372192                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10282786                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12670881                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2113127                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3532                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       210104                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23046710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17682372     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2718278     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       988573      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491160      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449783      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       188984      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186839      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88877      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251844      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23046710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10282786                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12670881                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1878885                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1148780                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1836597                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11407952                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       261659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       251844                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37578809                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29937576                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                302387                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1687225                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10282786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12670881                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10282786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.441310                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.441310                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.409616                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.409616                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       62664956                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      19288906                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      14090074                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3530                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25103466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2068434                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692720                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204352                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869285                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814154                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213797                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9314                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19956929                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11560344                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2068434                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1027951                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2414059                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        556770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       455146                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1222175                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204394                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23175922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20761863     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         112184      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         179436      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         242243      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         249026      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         210240      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         117161      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         175996      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1127773      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23175922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082396                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460508                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19755299                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       658780                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2409629                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2683                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       349526                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       339931                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14189122                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1531                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       349526                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19809175                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        135492                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       400091                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2359144                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       122489                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14183826                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        16455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        53487                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19794024                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     65979277                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     65979277                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17156544                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2637479                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3458                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          369410                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1331154                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       718846                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8473                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       212321                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14166673                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3468                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13457257                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1964                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1563669                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3736390                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           70                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23175922                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17447524     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2383258     10.28%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1200200      5.18%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880340      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       695190      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283332      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180000      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93465      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12613      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23175922                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2531     11.20%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8246     36.49%     47.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11820     52.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11318326     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200017      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1220819      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716408      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13457257                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.536072                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22597                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001679                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50114997                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15733872                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13250843                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13479854                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26583                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216402                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9669                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       349526                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        107980                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12004                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14170166                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1543                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1331154                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718846                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1771                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10137                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118781                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114633                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       233414                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13267417                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147560                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1863910                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1885162                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           716350                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.528509                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13250969                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13250843                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7607525                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20501235                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.527849                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371076                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001823                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12307543                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1862628                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       206679                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22826396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17750209     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2529159     11.08%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       942621      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450324      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396707      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218774      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180421      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86502      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271679      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22826396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10001823                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12307543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1823929                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1114752                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1774848                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11088940                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       253480                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       271679                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           36724823                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          28689881                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                304374                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1927544                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10001823                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12307543                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10001823                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.509889                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.509889                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.398424                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.398424                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       59715710                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18460544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13150072                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25103466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2039104                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1668266                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201005                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       837353                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800995                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208971                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19766588                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11572059                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2039104                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1009966                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2423968                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        585604                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       355327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1217351                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202307                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22926163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20502195     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         132123      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         207032      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         329901      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         136357      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         152545      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         162374      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         105752      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1197884      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22926163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081228                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460975                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19584507                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       539184                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2416216                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         6272                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       379980                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       333555                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14130503                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1650                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       379980                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19615833                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        170970                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       280023                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2391703                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        87650                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14120471                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2275                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        24126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        33122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4313                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19604536                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     65683406                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     65683406                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16690934                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2913602                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3633                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2016                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          264715                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1347600                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       722550                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21689                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       165552                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14098329                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3644                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13323445                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16738                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1820224                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4083063                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          390                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22926163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17310511     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2252718      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1231878      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841398      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786391      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       225093      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176937      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59770      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41467      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22926163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3165     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9946     39.31%     51.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12191     48.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11161203     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210967      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1231478      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718184      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13323445                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530741                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25302                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001899                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49615093                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15922349                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13105099                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13348747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39473                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246037                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           20                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22212                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          853                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       379980                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        118040                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11967                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14101997                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5818                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1347600                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722550                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2019                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8849                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116473                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115708                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       232181                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13130538                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1157640                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192907                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1875496                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1846706                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           717856                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.523057                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13105300                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13105099                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7665102                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20028011                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522043                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382719                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9804194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12017239                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2084797                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3254                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       204963                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22546183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17665319     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2365004     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       921116      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494447      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370829      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206941      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128677      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114221      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279629      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22546183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9804194                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12017239                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1801901                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1101563                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1724921                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10828484                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       244115                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       279629                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           36368525                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28584082                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                321015                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2177303                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9804194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12017239                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9804194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.560482                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.560482                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390551                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390551                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       59207668                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18169432                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13175874                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3250                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          32918                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.360809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1666975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          65686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          25.377934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           235.025631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    22.750516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   555.832960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.079632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   492.596837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    25.041783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1359.950502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.716003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   590.640748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.126257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   781.280347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    20.404933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   866.972535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.560863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1365.308074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.446602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   506.425737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.908453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1135.141922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.631033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1139.383231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.530680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   505.489241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.921627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   860.712108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.848917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1128.952801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.962132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   498.247636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.371609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   578.799931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.360429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1128.215479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1038.848630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           852.273917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1439.751716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           998.091734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1480.803831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1218.724864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1428.992132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           801.897405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1402.221586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1411.619662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           820.852618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1224.964443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1357.316125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           823.045792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1011.126615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1353.192551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.016963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.015033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.041502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.018025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.023843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.026458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.041666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.015455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.034642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.034771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.015426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.026267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.034453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.015205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.017664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.034430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.031703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.026009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.043938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.030459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.045191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.037193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.043609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.024472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.042792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.043079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.025050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.037383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.041422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.025117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.030857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.041296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   55905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            17238                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 17238                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    56116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2716                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2627                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4872                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3620                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3659                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4847                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2589                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4263                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3660                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4230                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4253                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   56116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 32898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  32907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1124                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3185                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1399                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1907                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1968                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3217                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2853                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1156                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1955                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2858                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1156                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1383                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 32907                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5639770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    200737929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5414978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    172560499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5869150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    485619541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5795294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    211769524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4071737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    288059450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5331090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    296915506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5264554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    488777612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5402697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    176438870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5161832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    430661685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5511016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    432702572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5182393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    174849770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5015580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    295127165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5622764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    433471260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5225992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    175861370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5949098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    209580719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5140687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    433121509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4991853613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       131069                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       442589                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       298405                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       481954                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1354017                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5639770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    200737929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5414978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    172560499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5869150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    485619541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5795294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    211769524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4071737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    288190519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5331090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    297358095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5264554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    489076017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5402697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    176438870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5161832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    430661685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5511016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    432702572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5182393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    174849770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5015580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    295609119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5622764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    433471260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5225992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    175861370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5949098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    209580719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5140687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    433121509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4993207630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5639770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    200737929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5414978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    172560499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5869150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    485619541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5795294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    211769524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4071737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    288190519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5331090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    297358095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5264554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    489076017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5402697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    176438870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5161832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    430661685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5511016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    432702572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5182393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    174849770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5015580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    295609119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5622764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    433471260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5225992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    175861370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5949098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    209580719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5140687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    433121509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4993207630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               88803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17238                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             17238                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               220                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                89023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               89023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.300535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.395750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.399131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.400677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.402057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.404072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.310502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.341988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.402172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.370460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.040909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.329217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.299653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.395308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.398934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.308309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.399831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.401209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.308761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.403217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.309256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.401323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.369646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.329217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.299653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.395308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.398934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.308309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.399831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.401209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.308761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.403217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.309256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.401323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.369646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       148415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150591.094524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154713.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153523.575623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150491.025641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152470.813501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152507.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151372.068620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 145419.178571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151132.974816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152316.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151102.038677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 146237.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152030.361431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150074.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152893.301560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151818.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151641.438380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153083.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151665.815633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152423.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151254.126298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151987.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151192.195184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151966.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151669.440168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149314.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152129.212803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152540.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151540.650036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146876.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151919.154332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151737.297495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       131069                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 147529.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149202.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160651.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150446.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       148415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150591.094524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154713.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153523.575623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150491.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152470.813501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152507.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151372.068620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 145419.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151122.453592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152316.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151096.592988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 146237.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152028.603357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150074.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152893.301560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151818.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151641.438380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153083.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151665.815633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152423.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151254.126298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151987.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151206.710486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151966.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151669.440168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149314.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152129.212803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152540.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151540.650036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146876.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151919.154332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151736.944419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       148415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150591.094524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154713.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153523.575623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150491.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152470.813501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152507.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151372.068620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 145419.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151122.453592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152316.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151096.592988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 146237.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152028.603357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150074.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152893.301560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151818.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151641.438380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153083.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151665.815633                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152423.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151254.126298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151987.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151206.710486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151966.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151669.440168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149314.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152129.212803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152540.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151540.650036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146876.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151919.154332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151736.944419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9630                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9630                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            32898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             32907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            32907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3429277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    123119296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3382181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107133192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3601409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    300232222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3586684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130290579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2439690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    177045905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3291823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    182450143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3166766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    301640260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3309765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    109260718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3185292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    265316838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3414657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    266569381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3207002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    107534883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3095319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    181442347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3469782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    267074058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3188987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    108558509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3681193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    129037641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3104599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    267118901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3076379299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        72769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       267302                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       181236                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       306541                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       827848                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3429277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    123119296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3382181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107133192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3601409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    300232222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3586684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130290579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2439690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    177118674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3291823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    182717445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3166766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    301821496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3309765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    109260718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3185292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    265316838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3414657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    266569381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3207002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    107534883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3095319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    181748888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3469782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    267074058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3188987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    108558509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3681193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    129037641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3104599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    267118901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3077207147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3429277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    123119296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3382181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107133192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3601409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    300232222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3586684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130290579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2439690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    177118674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3291823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    182717445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3166766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    301821496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3309765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    109260718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3185292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    265316838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3414657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    266569381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3207002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    107534883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3095319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    181748888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3469782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    267074058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3188987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    108558509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3681193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    129037641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3104599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    267118901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3077207147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.300535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.395750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.399131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.400677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.402057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.404072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.310502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.341988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.402172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.370460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.329217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.299653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.395308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.398934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.308309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.399831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.401209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.308761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.403217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.309256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.401323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.369646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.329217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.299653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.395308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.398934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.308309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.399831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.401209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.308761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.403217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.309256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.401323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.369646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90244.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92362.562641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96633.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95314.227758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92343.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94264.433909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94386.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93131.221587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 87131.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92888.722455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94052.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92849.945547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 87965.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93822.786936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91937.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94679.998267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93685.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93421.421831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94851.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93434.763757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94323.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93023.255190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93797.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92952.022029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93777.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93447.885934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91113.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93908.744810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94389.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93302.704989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88702.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93693.055419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93512.654234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        72769                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 89100.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        90618                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102180.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91983.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90244.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92362.562641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96633.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95314.227758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92343.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94264.433909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94386.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93131.221587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 87131.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92878.171998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94052.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92844.230183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 87965.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93820.794529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91937.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94679.998267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93685.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93421.421831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94851.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93434.763757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94323.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93023.255190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93797.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92966.183120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93777.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93447.885934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91113.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93908.744810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94389.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93302.704989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88702.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93693.055419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93512.235907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90244.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92362.562641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96633.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95314.227758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92343.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94264.433909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94386.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93131.221587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 87131.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92878.171998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94052.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92844.230183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 87965.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93820.794529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91937.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94679.998267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93685.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93421.421831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94851.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93434.763757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94323.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93023.255190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93797.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92966.183120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93777.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93447.885934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91113.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93908.744810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94389.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93302.704989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88702.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93693.055419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93512.235907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              507.958701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001231168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1944138.190291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    32.958701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.052818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1223072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1223072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7601462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7601462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7601462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7601462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7601462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7601462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168921.377778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168921.377778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168921.377778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168921.377778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168921.377778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168921.377778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6535761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6535761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6535761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6535761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6535761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6535761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163394.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163394.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163394.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163394.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163394.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163394.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35457.338444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.942636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.057364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       840271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1773                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1773                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           82                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        13002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        13002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        13002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        13002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1512400189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1512400189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6764162                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6764162                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1519164351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1519164351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1519164351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1519164351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       853191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1773                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1773                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117058.838158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117058.838158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82489.780488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82489.780488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116840.820720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116840.820720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116840.820720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116840.820720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8953                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8953                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    396199111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    396199111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       998957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       998957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    397198068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    397198068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    397198068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    397198068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98214.950669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98214.950669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66597.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66597.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98097.818721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98097.818721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98097.818721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98097.818721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              485.942116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1004329234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2041319.581301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.942116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.049587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1229794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1229794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1229794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1229794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1229794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8801302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8801302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8801302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8801302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8801302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8801302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1229843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1229843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1229843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 179618.408163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179618.408163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 179618.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179618.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 179618.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179618.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7103991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7103991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7103991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7103991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7103991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7103991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 191999.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191999.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 191999.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191999.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 191999.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191999.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              148944813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             37171.153731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   219.381682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    36.618318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.856960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.143040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       978360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       726702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1705062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1705062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1705062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1705062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         9590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9590                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         9590                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1012027535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1012027535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4082008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4082008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1016109543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1016109543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1016109543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1016109543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       987904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       726748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1714652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1714652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1714652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1714652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000063                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000063                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106038.090423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106038.090423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 88739.304348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88739.304348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105955.113973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105955.113973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105955.113973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105955.113973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          833                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             833                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5839                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5839                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    362356626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    362356626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       946790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       946790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    363303416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    363303416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    363303416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    363303416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 96886.798396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96886.798396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86071.818182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86071.818182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 96855.082911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96855.082911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 96855.082911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96855.082911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              575.444298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1032148332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1770408.802744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.262652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.181646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.056511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.865676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.922186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1191567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1191567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1191567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1191567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1191567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1191567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8231818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8231818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8231818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8231818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8231818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8231818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1191620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1191620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1191620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1191620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1191620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155317.320755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155317.320755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155317.320755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155317.320755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155317.320755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155317.320755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6427361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6427361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6427361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6427361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6427361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6427361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160684.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160684.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160684.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160684.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160684.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160684.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 8057                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              406958286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 8313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             48954.443161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   110.989588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   145.010412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.433553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.566447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3113661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3113661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1704450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1704450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          864                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          864                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4818111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4818111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4818111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4818111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        28569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28569                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        28569                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3316632381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3316632381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2381311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2381311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3319013692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3319013692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3319013692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3319013692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3142200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3142200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1704480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1704480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          864                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          864                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4846680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4846680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4846680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4846680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116214.036266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116214.036266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 79377.033333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79377.033333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116175.354125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116175.354125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116175.354125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116175.354125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1650                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1650                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    861057156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    861057156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       616139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       616139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    861673295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    861673295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    861673295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    861673295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106990.203280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106990.203280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 68459.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68459.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106947.163336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106947.163336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106947.163336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106947.163336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              508.339355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001230288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1944136.481553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    33.339355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.053428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1222192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1222192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7927134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7927134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7927134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7927134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7927134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7927134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161778.244898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161778.244898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161778.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161778.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161778.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161778.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6524881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6524881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6524881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6524881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6524881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6524881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163122.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163122.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163122.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163122.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163122.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163122.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4051                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152643876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             35440.881356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   220.946310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    35.053690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.863072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.136928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       840111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       705976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1546087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1546087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1546087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1546087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        12977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        12977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1528401155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1528401155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6910922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6910922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1535312077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1535312077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1535312077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1535312077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       853004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       706060                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706060                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1559064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1559064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1559064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1559064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118545.036454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118545.036454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82272.880952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82272.880952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118310.247130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118310.247130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118310.247130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118310.247130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    403542144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    403542144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1017815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1017815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    404559959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    404559959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    404559959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    404559959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99985.665015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99985.665015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67854.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67854.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99866.689459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99866.689459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99866.689459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99866.689459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              551.168747                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              921365932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1657132.971223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.000367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.168380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.040065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.843219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1220900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1220900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1220900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1220900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1220900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5152894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5152894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5152894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5152894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5152894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5152894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1220934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1220934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1220934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151555.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151555.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151555.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151555.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151555.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151555.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4470371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4470371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4470371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4470371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4470371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4470371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154150.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154150.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154150.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154150.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154150.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154150.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              205506203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35536.261975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   193.960380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    62.039620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.757658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.242342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1812971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1812971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       333833                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333833                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          784                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          784                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2146804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2146804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2146804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2146804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        18921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        18921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2025387794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2025387794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3096486                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3096486                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2028484280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2028484280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2028484280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2028484280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1831862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1831862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       333863                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333863                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          784                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          784                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2165725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2165725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2165725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2165725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107214.429834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107214.429834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103216.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103216.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107208.090481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107208.090481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107208.090481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107208.090481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13394                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13394                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    550392554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    550392554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       459869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       459869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    550852423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    550852423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    550852423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    550852423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99690.736099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99690.736099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 76644.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76644.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99665.717930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99665.717930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99665.717930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99665.717930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              509.436184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1002527456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1935381.189189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    27.436184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.043968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1203305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1203305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1203305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1203305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1203305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1203305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7238746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7238746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7238746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7238746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7238746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7238746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1203349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1203349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1203349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1203349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1203349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1203349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164516.954545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164516.954545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164516.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164516.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164516.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164516.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6016664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6016664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6016664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6016664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6016664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6016664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167129.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167129.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167129.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167129.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167129.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167129.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5627                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              158553257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             26951.089070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   226.936284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    29.063716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.886470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.113530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       847235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        847235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       714658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1683                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1683                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1561893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1561893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1561893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1561893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2408517581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2408517581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     58332915                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     58332915                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2466850496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2466850496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2466850496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2466850496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       866434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       715147                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       715147                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1683                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1683                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1581581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1581581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1581581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1581581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.022159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125450.157873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125450.157873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119290.214724                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119290.214724                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125297.160504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125297.160504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125297.160504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125297.160504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14061                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14061                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    563231905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    563231905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1448229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1448229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    564680134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    564680134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    564680134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    564680134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100415.743448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100415.743448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 80457.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80457.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100351.898703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100351.898703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100351.898703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100351.898703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              574.366039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1032148297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1779566.029310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.245372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.120667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.053278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.920458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1191532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1191532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1191532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1191532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1191532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1191532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7582290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7582290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7582290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7582290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7582290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7582290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1191582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1191582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1191582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1191582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1191582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151645.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151645.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151645.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151645.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151645.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151645.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5940646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5940646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5940646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5940646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5940646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5940646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       160558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       160558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       160558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       160558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       160558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       160558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 8064                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              406958655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 8320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             48913.299880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   110.995582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   145.004418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.433576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.566424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3113984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3113984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1704525                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1704525                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4818509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4818509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4818509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4818509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        28608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        28608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3314313689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3314313689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      3128739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3128739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3317442428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3317442428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3317442428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3317442428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3142562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3142562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1704555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1704555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4847117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4847117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4847117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4847117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 115974.305025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115974.305025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104291.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104291.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 115962.053551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115962.053551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 115962.053551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115962.053551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20544                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20544                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    861788541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    861788541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       768905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       768905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    862557446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    862557446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    862557446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    862557446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106988.024953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106988.024953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85433.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85433.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106963.968998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106963.968998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106963.968998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106963.968998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              487.032609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1004329204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2037178.912779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    32.032609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.051334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1229764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1229764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1229764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1229764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1229764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8524793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8524793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8524793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8524793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8524793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8524793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1229814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1229814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1229814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170495.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170495.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170495.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170495.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170495.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170495.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6668928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6668928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6668928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6668928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6668928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6668928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175498.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175498.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175498.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175498.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175498.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175498.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3743                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148943481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 3999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             37245.181545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   219.376578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    36.623422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.856940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.143060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       977750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        977750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       725989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       725989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1703739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1703739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1703739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1703739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1013625439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1013625439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5520583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5520583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1019146022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1019146022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1019146022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1019146022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       987305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       726044                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726044                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1713349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1713349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1713349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1713349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106083.248456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106083.248456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100374.236364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100374.236364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106050.574610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106050.574610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106050.574610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106050.574610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          837                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             837                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5867                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5867                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    363050936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363050936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1168612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1168612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    364219548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    364219548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    364219548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    364219548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 97358.792169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97358.792169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 83472.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83472.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 97306.852258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97306.852258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 97306.852258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97306.852258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              520.065979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1006993206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1918082.297143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.065979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.048183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1217881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1217881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1217881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1217881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1217881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7331773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7331773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7331773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7331773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7331773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7331773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1217926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1217926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1217926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162928.288889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162928.288889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162928.288889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162928.288889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162928.288889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162928.288889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5896293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5896293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5896293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5896293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5896293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5896293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168465.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168465.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168465.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168465.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168465.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168465.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7103                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              167404814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             22748.310096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   227.248001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    28.751999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.887688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.112312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       842240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       696793                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696793                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1539033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1539033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1539033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1539033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2151217483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2151217483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7350923                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7350923                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2158568406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2158568406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2158568406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2158568406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       860500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       696882                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696882                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1557382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1557382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1557382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1557382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 117810.376944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117810.376944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 82594.640449                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82594.640449                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 117639.566516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117639.566516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 117639.566516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117639.566516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    746866087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    746866087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1028128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1028128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    747894215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    747894215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    747894215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    747894215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105370.497602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105370.497602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 68541.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68541.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105292.723497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105292.723497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105292.723497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105292.723497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              521.378334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1006993118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1910802.880455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.378334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.050286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1217793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1217793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1217793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1217793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1217793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7490649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7490649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7490649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7490649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7490649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7490649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1217841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1217841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1217841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156055.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156055.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156055.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156055.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156055.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156055.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6062180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6062180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6062180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6062180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6062180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6062180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163842.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163842.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163842.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163842.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163842.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163842.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              167404000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             22723.496674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   227.284548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    28.715452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.887830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.112170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       841957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        841957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       696238                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696238                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1949                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1949                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1538195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1538195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1538195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1538195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        18264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        18264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2147789350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2147789350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7499747                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7499747                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2155289097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2155289097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2155289097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2155289097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       860129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       696330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1556459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1556459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1556459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1556459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118192.238059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118192.238059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 81518.989130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81518.989130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118007.506406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118007.506406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118007.506406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118007.506406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    748615344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    748615344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1011730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1011730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    749627074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    749627074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    749627074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    749627074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105498.216460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105498.216460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67448.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67448.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105417.954437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105417.954437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105417.954437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105417.954437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              486.852975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1004329416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2045477.425662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.852975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.051046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1229976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1229976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1229976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1229976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1229976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8165886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8165886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8165886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8165886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8165886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8165886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1230021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1230021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1230021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1230021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1230021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1230021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181464.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181464.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181464.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181464.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 181464.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181464.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6634464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6634464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6634464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6634464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6634464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6634464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 184290.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184290.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 184290.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184290.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 184290.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184290.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148944187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             37236.046750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   219.375926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    36.624074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.856937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.143063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       978014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       726437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1891                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1891                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1704451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1704451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1704451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1704451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         9650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         9650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1009637132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1009637132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7021544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7021544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1016658676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1016658676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1016658676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1016658676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       987567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       726534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1891                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1891                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1714101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1714101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1714101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1714101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105687.965247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105687.965247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 72387.051546                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72387.051546                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105353.230674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105353.230674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105353.230674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105353.230674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          837                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             837                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    360901913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360901913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1256503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1256503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    362158416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    362158416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    362158416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    362158416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 96782.492089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96782.492089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 83766.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83766.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 96730.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96730.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 96730.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96730.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              509.909277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1002527133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1942882.040698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    27.909277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.044726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1202982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1202982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1202982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1202982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1202982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1202982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6915063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6915063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6915063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6915063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6915063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6915063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1203025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1203025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1203025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1203025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1203025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1203025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160815.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160815.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160815.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160815.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160815.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160815.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5611801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5611801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5611801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5611801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5611801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5611801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165052.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165052.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165052.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165052.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165052.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165052.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5615                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              158554152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             27006.328053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   227.401348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    28.598652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.888287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.111713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       847359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        847359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       715311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       715311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1645                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1645                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1562670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1562670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1562670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1562670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          504                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          504                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        19848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        19848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2421272831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2421272831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     60448909                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     60448909                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2481721740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2481721740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2481721740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2481721740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       866703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       715815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       715815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1645                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1645                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1582518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1582518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000704                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000704                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125169.191015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125169.191015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119938.311508                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119938.311508                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125036.363362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125036.363362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125036.363362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125036.363362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          486                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          486                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    560583640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    560583640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1520345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1520345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    562103985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    562103985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    562103985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562103985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100157.877434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100157.877434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84463.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84463.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100107.566340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100107.566340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100107.566340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100107.566340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              522.141139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1006992806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1907183.344697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    32.141139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.051508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1217481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1217481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1217481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1217481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1217481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7951095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7951095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7951095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7951095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7951095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7951095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1217531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1217531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1217531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159021.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159021.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159021.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159021.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159021.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159021.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6348628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6348628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6348628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6348628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6348628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6348628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167069.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167069.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167069.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167069.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167069.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167069.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7088                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              167405344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             22794.845316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   227.306291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    28.693709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.887915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.112085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       842877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       696673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1539550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1539550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1539550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1539550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        18292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        18292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2154526349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2154526349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7901379                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7901379                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2162427728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2162427728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2162427728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2162427728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       861078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       861078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       696764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1557842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1557842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1557842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1557842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118374.064557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118374.064557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86828.340659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86828.340659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118217.129237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118217.129237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118217.129237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118217.129237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          874                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             874                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    747896014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    747896014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1037996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1037996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    748934010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    748934010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    748934010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    748934010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105739.575004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105739.575004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 69199.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69199.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105662.247460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105662.247460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105662.247460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105662.247460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              486.487625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1004329155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2041319.420732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.487625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.050461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1229715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1229715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1229715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1229715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1229715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8147229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8147229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8147229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8147229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8147229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8147229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1229762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1229762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1229762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173345.297872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173345.297872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173345.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173345.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173345.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173345.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6642796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6642796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6642796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6642796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6642796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6642796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179535.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179535.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179535.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179535.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179535.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179535.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3738                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148944891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 3994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             37292.160991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   219.378907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    36.621093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.856949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.143051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       978637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       726461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1705098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1705098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1705098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1705098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         9580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9580                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         9580                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1005975780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1005975780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6748795                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6748795                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1012724575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1012724575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1012724575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1012724575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       988136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       726542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1714678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1714678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1714678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1714678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105903.335088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105903.335088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 83318.456790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83318.456790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105712.377349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105712.377349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105712.377349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105712.377349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        12731                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        12731                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5842                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5842                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    361722924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    361722924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1254187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1254187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    362977111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    362977111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    362977111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    362977111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97158.991136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97158.991136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 83612.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83612.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97104.631086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97104.631086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97104.631086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97104.631086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              509.781898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001230221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1936615.514507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    34.781898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.055740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1222125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1222125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1222125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1222125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1222125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8276047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8276047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8276047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8276047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8276047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8276047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1222175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1222175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1222175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165520.940000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165520.940000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165520.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165520.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165520.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165520.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6845778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6845778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6845778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6845778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6845778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6845778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162994.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162994.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162994.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162994.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162994.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162994.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4059                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              152643903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4315                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35375.180301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   220.943667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    35.056333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.863061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.136939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       840233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       705831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1546064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1546064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1546064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1546064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        13028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        13028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1533733810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1533733810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7243077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7243077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1540976887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1540976887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1540976887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1540976887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       853175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       705917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1559092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1559092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1559092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1559092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118508.252975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118508.252975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84221.825581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84221.825581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118281.922551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118281.922551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118281.922551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118281.922551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    403270840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    403270840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1045983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1045983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    404316823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    404316823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    404316823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    404316823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99720.781405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99720.781405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 69732.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69732.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99609.958857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99609.958857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99609.958857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99609.958857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              520.428934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1006992630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1914434.657795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.428934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.048764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1217305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1217305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1217305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1217305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1217305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7319664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7319664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7319664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7319664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7319664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7319664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1217351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1217351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1217351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159123.130435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159123.130435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159123.130435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159123.130435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159123.130435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159123.130435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5876320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5876320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5876320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5876320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5876320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5876320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163231.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163231.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163231.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163231.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163231.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163231.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7104                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167405556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 7360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             22745.320109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.243416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.756584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.887670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.112330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       842764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       696974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1539738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1539738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1539738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1539738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        18282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        18282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2149860148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2149860148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7614613                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7614613                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2157474761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2157474761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2157474761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2157474761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       860965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       697055                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697055                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1558020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1558020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118117.693973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118117.693973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94007.567901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94007.567901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118010.871951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118010.871951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118010.871951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118010.871951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11178                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11178                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    749641173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    749641173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1119294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1119294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    750760467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    750760467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    750760467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    750760467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105747.097334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105747.097334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 74619.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74619.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105681.372044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105681.372044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105681.372044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105681.372044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
