
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011191                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11190714165                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538966090710                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 382210                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   490037                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 268389                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67752812                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41695.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15936615710                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20432540702                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       153216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       377472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       239360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       154112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       237184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       380160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       237184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       239488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       153600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       236800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       153344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       235520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       154112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       238976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       377984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3759872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1228672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1228672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 29374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9599                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9599                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33730823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       320266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21389162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       480398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13771418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       388894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21194715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       400332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     33971022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       388894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21194715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       366018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21400600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13725666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21160401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13702789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       377456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21046021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       480398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13771418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       297389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21354848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33776575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               335981417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       320266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       480398                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       388894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       400332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       388894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       366018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       377456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       480398                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       297389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6462501                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         109793886                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              109793886                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         109793886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33730823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       320266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21389162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       480398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13771418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       388894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21194715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       400332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     33971022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       388894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21194715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       366018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21400600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13725666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21160401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13702789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       377456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21046021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       480398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13771418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       297389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21354848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33776575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              445775303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2069568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693381                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204636                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871428                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815079                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213986                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9325                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19957680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11566345                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2069568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2415486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        557724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1088769                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23812395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21396909     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112418      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         179112      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         241982      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         249271      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         211033      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         118700      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         175172      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1127798      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23812395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430997                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19753179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1295279                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2410935                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14196385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19807337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        166340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1003747                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2360214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       124552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14190539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        18334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19800941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66011693                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66011693                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2647543                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3550                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          371863                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1332161                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       718632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       211905                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14173352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13460025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1571551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3757125                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23812395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18084380     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2382817     10.01%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199700      5.04%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879054      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696414      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284027      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179795      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93579      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12629      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23812395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2527     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8241     36.51%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11806     52.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11321153     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199976      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221115      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716094      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13460025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501561                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50757001                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15748519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13252741                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13482599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        136902                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14176935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1332161                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114562                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233334                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13269247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147210                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1863245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885500                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494452                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13252850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13252741                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7607747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20506410                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1871636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23462195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18385941     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2528406     10.78%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943685      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450636      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396906      1.69%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218599      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180490      0.77%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86203      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271329      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23462195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823601                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114551                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       271329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37367733                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28704083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3023851                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.683624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.683624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.372630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.372630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59723213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18461422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13155506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1887089                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1543546                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186761                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774782                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         741119                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         192820                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8243                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18292259                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10711833                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1887089                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       933939                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2243607                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        545566                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       923790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1127466                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       187749                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     21814399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       19570792     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         122608      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         191794      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         304711      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         126239      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         140982      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         150695      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          98365      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1108213      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     21814399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070319                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.399155                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       18117818                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1099945                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2236338                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         5850                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       354444                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       308970                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13078024                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1641                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       354444                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       18146840                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        231326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       783063                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2213674                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        85048                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13067572                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         2644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        22654                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        30798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7509                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     18137475                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     60782461                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     60782461                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15419706                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2717751                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3388                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1897                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          246831                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1247768                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       669078                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20119                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       153745                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13046261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3398                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12324023                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16265                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1691038                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3805603                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          392                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21814399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16617295     76.18%     76.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2086017      9.56%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139919      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       779416      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       726992      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208109      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163219      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55363      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38069      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21814399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2892     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9138     39.37%     51.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11182     48.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10323652     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195116      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1490      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1139144      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664621      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12324023                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459231                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23212                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001883                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46501922                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14740851                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12121911                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12347235                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36967                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230056                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22072                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          788                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       354444                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        153870                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11420                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13049692                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1247768                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       669078                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1897                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8497                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107655                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       107935                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       215590                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12145795                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1071005                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178228                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  33                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1735281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1708592                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           664276                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.452589                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12122149                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12121911                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7089503                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        18524259                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.451699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382715                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9057401                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11101949                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1947784                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3006                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       190464                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21459955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16951239     78.99%     78.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2184825     10.18%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       850838      3.96%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457104      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       341923      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190428      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119531      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105418      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258649      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21459955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9057401                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11101949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1664713                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1017707                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1500                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1593598                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10003689                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       225523                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       258649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           34250974                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          26453959                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                298958                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               5021847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9057401                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11101949                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9057401                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.962908                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.962908                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.337506                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.337506                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       54763419                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16803672                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12195766                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26835839                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1831160                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1639296                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147840                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1241114                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1208053                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106904                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4414                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19439750                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10413416                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1831160                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1314957                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2322400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        487474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       760688                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1177607                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144785                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22861680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.509075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20539280     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         359185      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         175672      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         353607      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         108821      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         329172      1.44%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          50077      0.22%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          81577      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         864289      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22861680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068236                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.388041                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19261173                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       944064                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2317575                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1897                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       336970                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       168848                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1872                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     11616805                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4459                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       336970                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19282092                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        599639                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       279491                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2296624                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        66857                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     11598280                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8872                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        51139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     15161666                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     52515003                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     52515003                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     12238848                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2922691                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1514                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          154288                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2127159                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       330725                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3002                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        75200                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         11537003                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1516                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        10783474                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7174                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2124861                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4375229                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22861680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18134689     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1466800      6.42%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1607721      7.03%     92.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       920699      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       470604      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       118843      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136410      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3268      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2646      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22861680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17598     57.09%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7316     23.73%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5913     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8435690     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82266      0.76%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1937322     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327450      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     10783474                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.401831                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30827                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002859                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44466629                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13663411                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10505589                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     10814301                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8353                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       441441                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8671                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       336970                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        524186                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11538525                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2127159                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330725                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3926                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          201                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99172                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57065                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       156237                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10646436                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1909446                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       137038                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2236854                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1620241                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           327408                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.396725                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             10508346                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            10505589                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6365500                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        13741968                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.391476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.463216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8372688                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      9397564                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2141315                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       146738                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22524710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19041587     84.54%     84.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1357794      6.03%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       881948      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276043      1.23%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465375      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88547      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56455      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50908      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306053      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22524710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8372688                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      9397564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2007740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1685686                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1444355                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         8203949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       114659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       306053                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           33757510                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          23415074                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                439041                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3974159                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8372688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             9397564                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8372688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.205164                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.205164                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.311997                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.311997                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       49536732                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      13657413                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12383092                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1500                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2072122                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1695623                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204191                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847912                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813869                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214069                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9261                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19967568                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11591001                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2072122                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1027938                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2417909                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        558415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1100595                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1222895                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204188                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23838143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21420234     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         111858      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         178675      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         242110      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         249120      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         210589      0.88%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         118695      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         176360      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1130502      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23838143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077214                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431916                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19763656                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1306993                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2413368                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2790                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       351331                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       340665                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14222583                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1514                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       351331                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19817668                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        172717                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1009207                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2362782                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       124433                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14216950                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        18086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        53485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19839085                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     66138982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     66138982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17174667                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2664406                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3514                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1822                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          372829                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1331558                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       720480                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8401                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       211653                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14200293                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3525                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13479934                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2141                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1581818                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3793226                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23838143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18104318     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2384474     10.00%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1198885      5.03%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880989      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698350      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284468      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180434      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93421      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12804      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23838143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2403     10.59%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8218     36.23%     46.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12062     53.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11337360     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       201034      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1689      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221871      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717980      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13479934                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.502303                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22683                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001683                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50822834                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15785697                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13274605                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13502617                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27212                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215634                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10553                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       351331                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        142704                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12295                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14203841                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1331558                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720480                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1825                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10391                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118634                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114908                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       233542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13291034                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1148651                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188899                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1866569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1887786                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           717918                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.495264                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13274709                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13274605                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7619494                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20539091                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.494652                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370975                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10012388                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12320516                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1883316                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3403                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       206521                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23486812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18405031     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2531391     10.78%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       944492      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450688      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397328      1.69%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218996      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180554      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86195      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272137      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23486812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10012388                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12320516                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1825845                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1115918                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1776730                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11100619                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       253746                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       272137                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37418442                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28759022                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                304322                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2998103                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10012388                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12320516                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10012388                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.680304                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.680304                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.373092                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.373092                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       59820047                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18491407                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13183256                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1959226                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1606181                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194140                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799513                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761536                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200817                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8634                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18725550                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11153476                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1959226                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       962353                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2450614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        556701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1908515                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1156576                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193438                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23443485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20992871     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         265462      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         305789      1.30%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         167879      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         193545      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         106604      0.45%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          73301      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         190396      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1147638      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23443485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073007                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.415612                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18566678                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2070582                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2429833                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        19629                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       356762                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       318173                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2044                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13616524                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        10797                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       356762                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18597189                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        451644                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1533822                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2419458                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        84601                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13607167                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        20943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        39571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     18900769                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     63360480                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     63360480                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     16068512                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2832217                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3581                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2015                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          227794                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1305270                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       708604                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18317                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       156284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13580398                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12811326                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18627                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1745351                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4059730                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          437                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23443485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18047290     76.98%     76.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2169979      9.26%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1165829      4.97%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       806683      3.44%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706042      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       361085      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88051      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56467      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42059      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23443485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3092     10.91%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12624     44.54%     55.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12624     44.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10718619     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200299      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1565      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1188364      9.28%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702479      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12811326                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477389                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28340                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002212                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49113100                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15329479                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12590233                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12839666                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31833                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239760                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18864                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          605                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       356762                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        407765                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13439                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13584018                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1305270                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       708604                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2016                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9186                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          142                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111214                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110145                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       221359                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12616666                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1113927                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1816155                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1762980                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           702228                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.470135                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12590540                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12590233                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7485031                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        19613490                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.469150                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381627                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9438126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11579433                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2004724                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       195161                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23086723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18356308     79.51%     79.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2193626      9.50%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920317      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551087      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382603      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246376      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129227      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103174      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       204005      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23086723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9438126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11579433                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1755247                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1065510                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1657105                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10439485                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       235600                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       204005                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36466810                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          27525118                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                290556                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3392761                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9438126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11579433                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9438126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.843387                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.843387                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.351693                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.351693                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       56910676                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      17470562                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12704417                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3150                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1890325                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1546722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187129                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774852                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         741256                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193335                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8320                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18322388                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10730395                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1890325                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       934591                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2246813                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        546607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       875290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1129320                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       188056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     21799946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       19553133     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         122743      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         191276      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         305430      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         126431      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         141125      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         150692      0.69%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          98349      0.45%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1110767      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     21799946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070439                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.399847                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       18146768                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1052736                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2239476                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         5800                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       355162                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       308990                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13100332                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       355162                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       18176348                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        215573                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       753000                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2216230                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        83629                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13089989                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents         3019                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        22646                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        31235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5126                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18171252                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     60887576                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     60887576                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15450387                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2720865                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3410                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1917                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          250463                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1249662                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       670056                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19978                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       153813                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13069114                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3423                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12345413                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16247                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1694321                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3813165                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          408                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21799946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16594355     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2090062      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1140867      5.23%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       779986      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       729069      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208246      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163560      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55615      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38186      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21799946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2927     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8955     38.83%     51.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11181     48.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10342133     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195257      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1493      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1141134      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665396      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12345413                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.460028                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23063                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46530082                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14767009                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12142240                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12368476                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36867                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229958                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21768                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          801                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       355162                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        148059                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11527                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13072564                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5367                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1249662                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       670056                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1917                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8576                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108133                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       216099                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12166098                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072609                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179315                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1737657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1710998                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           665048                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.453346                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12142449                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12142240                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7101687                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        18559248                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.452457                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382650                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9075478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11123960                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1948637                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3015                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       190799                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21444784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16928175     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2188164     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       851981      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458136      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       342462      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191462      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119535      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105894      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258975      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21444784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9075478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11123960                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1667992                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1019704                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1504                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1596713                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10023514                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       225948                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       258975                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           34258341                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          26500385                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                299190                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               5036300                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9075478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11123960                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9075478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.957006                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.957006                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.338180                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.338180                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       54856444                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16833428                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12216288                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3012                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1957021                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1604297                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       798392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         760776                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200629                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8628                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18704668                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11140758                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1957021                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       961405                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2447901                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        555898                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1953875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1155204                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193135                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23464757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.580707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21016856     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         265196      1.13%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         305473      1.30%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         167708      0.71%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         193339      0.82%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         106502      0.45%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          73124      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         190188      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1146371      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23464757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.072925                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.415138                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       18546245                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2115486                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2427146                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        19609                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       356270                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       317871                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2043                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13601161                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        10796                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       356270                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       18576726                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        452612                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1577923                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2416897                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        84320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13591885                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        20945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        39413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     18880068                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     63290452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     63290452                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16052558                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2827510                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3581                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2016                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          226842                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1303739                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       707937                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18302                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       156109                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13565852                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3592                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12798175                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18596                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1742571                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4052602                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          438                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23464757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18074027     77.03%     77.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2167927      9.24%     86.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1164614      4.96%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       805784      3.43%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705257      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360727      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87969      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56425      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42027      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23464757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3086     10.90%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12614     44.54%     55.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12620     44.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10707587     83.66%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200092      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1564      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1187113      9.28%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701819      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12798175                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.476899                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28320                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002213                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49108023                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15312154                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12577369                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12826495                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31786                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239279                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18852                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          496                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       356270                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        408955                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13569473                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1303739                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707937                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2017                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9179                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          142                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111112                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110026                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       221138                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12603677                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1112735                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194498                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1814305                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1761212                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           701570                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.469651                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12577676                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12577369                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7477513                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        19593504                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.468671                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381632                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9428879                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11567965                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2001676                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       194961                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23108487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.316375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18382713     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2191553      9.48%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919353      3.98%     93.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       550512      2.38%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382252      1.65%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246134      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129100      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103068      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203802      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23108487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9428879                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11567965                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1753545                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1064460                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1655427                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10429182                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       235363                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       203802                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           36474261                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27495565                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                290209                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               3371489                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9428879                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11567965                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9428879                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.846176                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.846176                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.351349                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.351349                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       56852724                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17452760                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12690238                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3150                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1829960                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1638342                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147078                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1241442                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1208314                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106718                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4436                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19428850                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10406076                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1829960                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1315032                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2320421                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        484557                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       761551                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1176329                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       143986                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     22847508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20527087     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         358776      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         175114      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         353889      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         108970      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         329062      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          50441      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          81307      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         862862      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     22847508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068190                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.387762                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19249438                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       945787                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2315568                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1909                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       334805                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       168558                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         1881                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     11604997                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         4474                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       334805                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19270389                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        596816                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       283708                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2294506                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        67277                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     11586458                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         9097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        51258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     15146405                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     52457066                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     52457066                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     12242291                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2904091                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1524                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          780                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          155252                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      2124533                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       330645                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3073                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        75336                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         11525488                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1529                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        10778115                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7103                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2110268                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4341138                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22847508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18120983     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467351      6.42%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1608588      7.04%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       920709      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469572      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117342      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136961      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3319      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2683      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22847508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17663     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7291     23.63%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5906     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8430494     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82314      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1937122     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327439      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     10778115                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.401625                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30860                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44441700                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13637314                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10502000                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     10808975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8328                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       437970                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           21                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8587                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       334805                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        521023                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8026                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11527024                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2124533                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330645                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3936                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          210                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99039                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56448                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       155487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10643245                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1910385                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       134869                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2237778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1620370                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           327393                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.396600                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             10504762                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            10502000                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6363234                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        13725635                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.391336                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.463602                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8375600                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      9400476                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2127011                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1504                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       145967                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22512703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19028188     84.52%     84.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1358666      6.04%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       882350      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276117      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465279      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88657      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56123      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50964      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306359      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22512703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8375600                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      9400476                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2008616                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1686558                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1444832                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         8206386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       114660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       306359                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           33733805                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          23390038                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                438137                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3988738                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8375600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             9400476                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8375600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.204098                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.204098                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.312100                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.312100                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       49523609                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      13651723                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12376265                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1504                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2075387                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1698144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205184                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       873889                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817390                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214577                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9349                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20013609                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11598685                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2075387                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1031967                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2422255                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        559178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1053237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1226035                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205188                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23840461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21418206     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         112724      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         179611      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         242659      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         249994      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         211640      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         119034      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         175661      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1130932      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23840461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.432202                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19808470                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1260390                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2417693                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2803                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       351100                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       341314                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14236120                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       351100                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19862787                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        168180                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       966618                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2366817                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       124954                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14230264                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        18424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        53594                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19856155                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     66196530                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     66196530                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17201987                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2654155                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3560                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1864                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          372959                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1335873                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       720691                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8480                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       212375                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14213022                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13497966                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1575439                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3766109                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          162                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23840461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18096383     75.91%     75.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2389389     10.02%     85.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1203074      5.05%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       881577      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698434      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284819      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180289      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93835      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12661      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23840461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2530     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8261     36.50%     47.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11842     52.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11353077     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200534      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1692      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1224521      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718142      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13497966                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.502975                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22633                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50861012                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15792086                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13290186                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13520599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27055                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       218140                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9613                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       351100                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        138592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12015                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14216614                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1335873                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720691                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1867                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10044                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119101                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114867                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       233968                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13306732                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1150457                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191234                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1868540                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1890852                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           718083                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.495849                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13290299                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13290186                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7629209                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20564354                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.495233                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.370992                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10028338                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12340226                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1876381                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3406                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       207518                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23489361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18398794     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2535469     10.79%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       946391      4.03%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451929      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397961      1.69%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219234      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181026      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86438      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272119      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23489361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10028338                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12340226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1828809                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1117731                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1700                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1779590                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11118383                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       254162                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       272119                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37433784                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          28784336                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                305517                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2995785                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10028338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12340226                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10028338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.676041                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.676041                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.373686                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.373686                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       59891909                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18513413                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13192372                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1956084                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1603716                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193969                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799044                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         760698                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200426                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8614                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18696769                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11137044                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1956084                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       961124                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2447051                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        555622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1907366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1154756                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193168                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23409076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20962025     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         265253      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         305617      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         167713      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         193463      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         106501      0.45%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          72835      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         189407      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1146262      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23409076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.072890                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.415000                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       18538255                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2069054                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2426056                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19877                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       355833                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       317534                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2057                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13593791                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        10848                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       355833                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       18568914                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        524125                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1459672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2415746                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        84777                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13584352                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        20906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        39642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     18869118                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     63252676                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     63252676                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16044848                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2824265                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3619                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2052                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          228423                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1302270                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       707302                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18648                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       156270                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13558698                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3630                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12792479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18771                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1741419                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4042152                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          479                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23409076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18020891     76.98%     76.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2166361      9.25%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1165170      4.98%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       804325      3.44%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705555      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360274      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88280      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56227      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41993      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23409076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3190     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12425     44.08%     55.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12573     44.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10703730     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200028      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1563      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1185965      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701193      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12792479                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.476687                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28188                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49040993                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15303886                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12572135                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12820667                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32161                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238335                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18588                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          626                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       355833                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        479851                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13562350                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1302270                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707302                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2056                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9220                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111228                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110189                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       221417                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12598440                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1112244                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1813212                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1760468                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           700968                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.469456                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12572413                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12572135                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7473707                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        19582719                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.468476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381648                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9424249                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11562345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2000118                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3151                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       194965                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23053242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18330113     79.51%     79.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2189644      9.50%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919365      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       550457      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       381713      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246337      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129001      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102839      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203773      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23053242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9424249                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11562345                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1752649                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1063935                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1654664                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10424075                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       235247                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       203773                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36411867                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          27480802                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                290110                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               3427170                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9424249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11562345                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9424249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.847574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.847574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.351176                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.351176                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       56828852                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17445764                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12685495                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2071997                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1695363                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204861                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       872433                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816031                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214230                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9335                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19980870                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11579910                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2071997                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1030261                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2418320                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        558323                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1046898                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1224046                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204867                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23796919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21378599     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         112560      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         179321      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         242257      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         249565      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         211294      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         118836      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         175359      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1129128      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23796919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077209                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.431503                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19776073                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1253706                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2413762                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2802                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       350571                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       340765                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14213004                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       350571                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19830303                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        166578                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       961752                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2362971                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       124739                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14207153                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        18388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        53500                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     19824089                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     66088965                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     66088965                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17173824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2650265                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3554                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1861                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          372359                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1333702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       719485                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8464                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       212099                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14189934                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3563                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13475886                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1573147                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3760870                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23796919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18062203     75.90%     75.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2385517     10.02%     85.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1201154      5.05%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880100      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       697258      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284357      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180008      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93680      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12642      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23796919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2530     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8249     36.50%     47.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11821     52.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11334520     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200211      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1689      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1222526      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716940      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13475886                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.502152                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22600                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50773279                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15766701                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13268404                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13498486                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27020                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217834                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9599                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       350571                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        137009                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12020                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14193521                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1333702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719485                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10051                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118911                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114685                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       233596                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13284923                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1148558                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190963                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1865440                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1887740                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           716882                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.495037                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13268518                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13268404                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7616755                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        20530698                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.494421                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370993                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10011898                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12319916                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1873607                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3402                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       207192                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23446348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18364076     78.32%     78.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2531383     10.80%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       944817      4.03%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451195      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397348      1.69%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218861      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180712      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86303      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271653      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23446348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10011898                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12319916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1825754                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1115868                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1776645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11100082                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       253735                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       271653                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37368153                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          28737631                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                305039                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               3039327                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10011898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12319916                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10011898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.680435                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.680435                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.373074                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.373074                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       59793717                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18483221                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13170953                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3398                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1957568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1604435                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193531                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       798735                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761250                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200542                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8580                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18710349                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11145950                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1957568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       961792                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2449742                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        554100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1926416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1154948                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       192553                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23443550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20993808     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         265555      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         306442      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         168013      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         193236      0.82%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         106345      0.45%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          72465      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         189672      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1148014      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23443550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.072945                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.415332                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18551822                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2088138                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2428804                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19784                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       355001                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       318235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         2042                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13608632                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        10869                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       355001                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18582476                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        465915                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1537753                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2418704                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        83692                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13599385                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        20417                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        39367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     18892008                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     63327122                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     63327122                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16071381                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2820627                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2017                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          227268                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1303770                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       708435                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18763                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       157381                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13574031                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3593                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12808340                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18392                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1735590                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4041531                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          435                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23443550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18049022     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2166804      9.24%     86.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1167148      4.98%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       808148      3.45%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705835      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360203      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88210      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56259      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41921      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23443550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3141     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12612     44.49%     55.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12592     44.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10716298     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200355      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1565      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1187534      9.27%     94.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702588      5.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12808340                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.477278                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28345                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002213                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49106967                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15313350                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12588952                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12836685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32153                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          357                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       355001                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        430695                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13138                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13577652                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1303770                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       708435                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2016                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9169                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110997                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109922                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       220919                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12614875                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1113695                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1816024                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1763558                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           702329                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.470069                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12589182                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12588952                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7482340                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        19605647                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.469103                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381642                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9439995                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11581637                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1996109                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3158                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       194568                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23088549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18356909     79.51%     79.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2193789      9.50%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       921303      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551244      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382324      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246516      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129462      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103154      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203848      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23088549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9439995                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11581637                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1755661                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1065752                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1657394                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10441511                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       235648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       203848                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           36462382                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          27510510                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                289839                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3392696                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9439995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11581637                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9439995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.842824                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.842824                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.351763                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.351763                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       56902581                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      17467699                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12697167                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26836101                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2073762                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1696948                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204337                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       848584                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814523                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214242                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9267                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19983116                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11599885                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2073762                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1028765                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2419775                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        558792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1082612                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles          457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           34                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1223836                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204334                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23837816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21418041     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         111932      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         178800      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         242294      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         249332      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         210774      0.88%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         118797      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         176516      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1131330      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23837816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077275                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432249                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19779035                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1289193                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2415227                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2794                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       351562                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       340945                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14233536                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1514                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       351562                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19833088                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        172415                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       991581                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2364603                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       124562                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14227905                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        18122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        53529                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19854192                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     66189865                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     66189865                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17187920                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2666192                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3515                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1822                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          373134                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1332595                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       721047                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8409                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       211792                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14211260                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3525                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13490390                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2146                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1582881                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3795606                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23837816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18099600     75.93%     75.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2386200     10.01%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199842      5.03%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       881759      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698838      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284701      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180568      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93500      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12808      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23837816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2399     10.57%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8224     36.24%     46.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12069     53.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11346136     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       201188      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1690      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1222837      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718539      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13490390                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.502696                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22692                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50843434                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15797727                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13284907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13513082                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27219                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215765                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10561                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       351562                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        142342                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12302                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14214808                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1332595                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721047                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1825                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10403                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118717                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114988                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       233705                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13301362                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1149572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189028                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1868049                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1889298                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           718477                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.495652                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13285013                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13284907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7625312                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20554848                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.495039                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.370974                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10020104                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12330129                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1884610                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3403                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       206667                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23486254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18400504     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2533318     10.79%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       945284      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451053      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397625      1.69%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219179      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180693      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86253      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272345      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23486254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10020104                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12330129                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1827295                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1116818                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1778152                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11109286                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       253962                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       272345                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37428583                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28781127                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                304536                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2998285                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10020104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12330129                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10020104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.678226                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.678226                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.373382                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.373382                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       59866445                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18505589                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13193385                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2316855                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1929301                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213150                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       914225                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847886                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249327                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20189980                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12712196                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2316855                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1097213                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2650518                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        591796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1896544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           71                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1255483                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203828                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     25113946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       22463428     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         162156      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         205929      0.82%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         327248      1.30%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         136992      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         175191      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         204723      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          93478      0.37%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1344801      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     25113946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086333                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.473695                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20071750                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2026522                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2637934                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1309                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       376424                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       352017                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15535205                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1678                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       376424                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20092350                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         65195                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1904756                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2618628                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        56587                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15439480                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         8268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        39274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     21568740                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     71800710                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     71800710                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     18037662                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3531068                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3774                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1984                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          199694                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445654                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       754983                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       171234                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         15074387                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3787                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14459098                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14736                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1837379                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3738442                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          178                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25113946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18984005     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2798731     11.14%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141433      4.55%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641364      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       866550      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266659      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263621      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140476      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11107      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25113946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100058     79.26%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13233     10.48%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12942     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12181641     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197818      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1789      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1325521      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       752329      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14459098                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.538790                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126233                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008730                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54173110                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16915651                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14082033                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14585331                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10710                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273112                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           99                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9773                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       376424                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         49843                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6419                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15078181                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11526                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445654                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       754983                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1984                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5610                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           99                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126398                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118802                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       245200                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14206957                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1303900                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2056139                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2008965                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           752239                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529394                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14082115                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14082033                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8437529                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        22664691                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.524739                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372276                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10494260                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12931502                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2146717                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       214744                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24737522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19262758     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2774736     11.22%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008174      4.08%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501226      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459081      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193175      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190733      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90969      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256670      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24737522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10494260                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12931502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1917752                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1172542                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1874386                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11642574                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       267037                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       256670                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           39558993                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          30532880                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                309237                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1722300                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10494260                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12931502                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10494260                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.557231                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.557231                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.391048                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.391048                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       63927527                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      19681001                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      14369386                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1828624                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1636998                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147389                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1240288                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1206835                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106675                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4416                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19417578                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10397465                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1828624                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1313510                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2319043                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        485129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       768902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1175908                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144340                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     22842472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20523429     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         358709      1.57%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         175101      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         353497      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         108975      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         328828      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          50051      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          81195      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         862687      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     22842472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068140                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.387441                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19238964                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       952263                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2314203                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1962                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       335079                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       168597                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1871                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     11598557                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4454                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       335079                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19259943                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        612334                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       274764                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2293228                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        67117                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     11579968                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        51051                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     15138287                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     52429836                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     52429836                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     12233027                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2905234                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1517                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          773                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          154805                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2123431                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       330465                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2997                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        75064                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         11519510                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1522                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        10772322                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7071                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2112439                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4341734                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22842472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18118821     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467017      6.42%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1606361      7.03%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       919707      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       470272      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117935      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136432      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3309      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2618      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22842472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17550     57.03%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7309     23.75%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5914     19.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8427051     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82244      0.76%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1934935     17.96%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327346      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     10772322                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.401409                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30773                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002857                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44424960                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13633497                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10495258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     10803095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8216                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       439211                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           28                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8410                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       335079                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        536661                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7965                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11521039                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2123431                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330465                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          771                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3896                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          211                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           28                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        98991                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       155717                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10636411                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1907744                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135911                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2235048                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1619115                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           327304                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.396345                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             10498037                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            10495258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6358860                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        13723919                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.391085                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.463341                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8367765                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9392641                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2128860                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       146289                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22507393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19025508     84.53%     84.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1357996      6.03%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       881222      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276119      1.23%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       464800      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88612      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56256      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50992      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305888      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22507393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8367765                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9392641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2006272                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1684217                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1443539                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         8199842                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       114659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       305888                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           33722980                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          23378324                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                438066                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3993774                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8367765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9392641                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8367765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.207098                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.207098                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.311808                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.311808                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       49488546                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      13644369                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12365045                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1888730                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1544800                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186495                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       779413                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         741361                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193535                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8312                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18312509                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10721231                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1888730                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       934896                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2244360                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        544376                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       884218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1128127                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       187474                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     21794920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       19550560     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         121976      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         191243      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         304668      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         126412      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         141701      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         151152      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          98509      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1108699      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     21794920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070380                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399506                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       18138078                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1060391                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2237141                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         5771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       353535                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       309258                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13087974                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1633                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       353535                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       18167153                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        223259                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       753110                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2214351                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        83508                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13077806                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        22585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        30903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6097                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18153819                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     60830357                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     60830357                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15445676                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2708113                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1897                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          247356                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1247654                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       669815                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20086                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       153610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13056869                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3403                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12338744                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16314                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1683983                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3783813                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          387                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21794920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16590610     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2090459      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1140911      5.23%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       779479      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       728249      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208075      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163450      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55541      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38146      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21794920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2911     12.71%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8793     38.40%     51.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11196     48.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10335697     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195305      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1493      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1141055      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665194      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12338744                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.459779                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22900                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001856                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46511615                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14744403                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12137371                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12361644                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37041                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       228239                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21714                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          793                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       353535                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        150068                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11490                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13060307                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1247654                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       669815                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1896                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107721                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       107292                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       215013                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12161272                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072930                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  35                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1737783                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1710721                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           664853                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.453166                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12137574                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12137371                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7097969                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        18540186                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.452275                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9072776                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11120612                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1939731                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3016                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       190188                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21441385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16924707     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2188274     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       852036      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       459243      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       342144      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191409      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119064      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105532      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258976      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21441385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9072776                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11120612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1667512                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1019411                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1504                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1596235                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10020503                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       225880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       258976                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           34242687                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          26474273                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                298695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               5041326                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9072776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11120612                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9072776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.957887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.957887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.338079                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.338079                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       54837700                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16825328                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12207231                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3014                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1234                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.517862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         159273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        48.529250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.361599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.039883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   551.032460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1441.083920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.013691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.269059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.703654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2853                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1235                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016248979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1078576354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016248979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1078576354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016248979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1078576354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              4073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               4088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              4088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.962437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873341.177328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.962437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873341.177328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.962437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873341.177328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911042753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    970120095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911042753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    970120095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911042753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    970120095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761105.056809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.910049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761105.056809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.910049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761105.056809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.910049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2986                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.557995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         123988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        24.630115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.104206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.937634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   881.589024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1130.927132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.430463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.552211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3682                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3683                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2986                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64582236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2751695210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2816277446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8652694                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8652694                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64582236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2760347904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     2824930140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64582236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2760347904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    2824930140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              6654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               6669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              6669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1745465.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 934679.079484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944742.517947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1730538.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1730538.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1745465.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 936028.451679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946058.318821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1745465.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 936028.451679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946058.318821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                470                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     470                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2493154002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2554487002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8213694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8213694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2501367696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2562700696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2501367696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2562700696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1657648.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 846859.375679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856922.845354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1642738.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1642738.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1657648.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 848208.781282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858238.679169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1657648.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 848208.781282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858238.679169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1898                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.847861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         122333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3946                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        31.001774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.487933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.248236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   807.458649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1191.653044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.009399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.394267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.581862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            632                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 632                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3427                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3428                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1871                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1899                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47295703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1494342189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1541637892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47295703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1494342189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1541637892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47295703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1494342189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1541637892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          632                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             632                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1689132.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 798686.365045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811815.635598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1689132.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 798686.365045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811815.635598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1689132.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 798686.365045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811815.635598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                242                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     242                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44837303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1330156189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1374993492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44837303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1330156189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1374993492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44837303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1330156189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1374993492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1601332.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 710933.291823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724061.870458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1601332.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 710933.291823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724061.870458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1601332.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 710933.291823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724061.870458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1246                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.531423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         159279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        48.354281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.369823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    31.524931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   554.864461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1433.772208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.015393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.270930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.700084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   2857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2855                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  2857                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1205                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1247                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    124769138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1036378300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1161147438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    124769138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1036378300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1161147438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    124769138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1036378300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1161147438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.304965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.303850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.303850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2970693.761905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860064.979253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931152.716921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2970693.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860064.979253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931152.716921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2970693.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860064.979253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931152.716921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    121081538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    930423844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1051505382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    121081538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    930423844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1051505382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    121081538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    930423844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1051505382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2882893.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772777.279070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843904.800963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2882893.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772777.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843904.800963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2882893.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772777.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843904.800963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1888                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.498114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         181267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        46.077021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.293738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.025378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   842.556045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1138.622953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.411404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.555968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3547                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3548                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1887                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78558920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1573933312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1652492232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2178220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2178220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78558920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1576111532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1654670452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78558920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1576111532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1654670452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2310556.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 850774.763243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877119.019108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 726073.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 726073.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2310556.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 850572.872099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 876878.882883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2310556.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 850572.872099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 876878.882883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               1077                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    1077                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75572822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1411473280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1487046102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1914820                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1914820                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75572822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1413388100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488960922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75572822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1413388100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488960922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2222730.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 762958.529730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789302.601911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 638273.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 638273.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2222730.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 762756.664868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789062.491786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2222730.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 762756.664868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789062.491786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         3005                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.592174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         123987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         5053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        24.537305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.752883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.281928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   887.817972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1125.739391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.433505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.549677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            751                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 751                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3680                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3681                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                3000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 3005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2970                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                3005                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64698570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2713937867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2778636437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11251541                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11251541                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64698570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2725189408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     2789887978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64698570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2725189408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    2789887978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              6671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          751                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             751                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               6686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              6686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.446873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.449708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.446617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.449447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.446617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.449447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1848530.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 915324.744351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926212.145667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 2250308.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2250308.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1848530.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 917572.191246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928415.300499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1848530.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 917572.191246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928415.300499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                471                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     471                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            3005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           3005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61625570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2453610867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2515236437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10812541                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10812541                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61625570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2464423408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2526048978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61625570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2464423408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2526048978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.446873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.446617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.446617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1760730.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 827524.744351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838412.145667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 2162508.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2162508.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1760730.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 829772.191246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840615.300499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1760730.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 829772.191246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840615.300499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         1888                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.499019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         181264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        46.076258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.291083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.030918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   842.536884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1138.640134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.411395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.555977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1912                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                1912                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3545                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3546                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                1884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 1887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1853                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                1887                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67777117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1574494124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1642271241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2178102                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2178102                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67777117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1576672226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1644449343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67777117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1576672226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1644449343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              5415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1912                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            1912                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               5433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              5433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1993444.617647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851077.904865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871693.864650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       726034                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       726034                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1993444.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 850875.459255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 871462.290938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1993444.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 850875.459255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 871462.290938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               1077                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    1077                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           1887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64791391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1411997566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1476788957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1914702                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1914702                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64791391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1413912268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1478703659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64791391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1413912268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1478703659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1905629.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 763241.927568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783858.257431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       638234                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       638234                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1905629.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 763039.540205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783626.740329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1905629.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 763039.540205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783626.740329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1903                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.858749                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         122323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        30.960010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.829937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    21.018666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   807.123479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1189.886667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.010263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.394103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.580999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            632                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 632                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3417                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3418                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1903                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55023915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1505974644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1560998559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55023915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1505974644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1560998559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55023915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1505974644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1560998559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              5315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          632                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             632                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               5321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              5321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.354222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.353820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.353820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1719497.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 804903.604490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820283.005255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1719497.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 804903.604490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820283.005255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1719497.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 804903.604490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820283.005255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                240                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     240                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52212631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1341668143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393880774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52212631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1341668143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393880774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52212631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1341668143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393880774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.354222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.353820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.353820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1631644.718750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 717086.126670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732464.936416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1631644.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 717086.126670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732464.936416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1631644.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 717086.126670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732464.936416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1237                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.519355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         159289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        48.489802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.363779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.031144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   552.238230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1439.886202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.013687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.269648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.703069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  2849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   2864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2862                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  2864                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1237                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60358539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    981534018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1041892557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60358539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    981534018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1041892557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60358539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    981534018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1041892557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.296516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1631311.864865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 817945.015000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 842273.691997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1631311.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 817945.015000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 842273.691997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1631311.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 817945.015000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 842273.691997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57108668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    876163054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    933271722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57108668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    876163054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    933271722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57108668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    876163054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    933271722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.296516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1543477.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 730135.878333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754463.801132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1543477.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 730135.878333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754463.801132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1543477.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 730135.878333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754463.801132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         1888                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.497110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         181268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        46.077275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.393697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.308011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   838.384393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1141.411010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.409367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.557330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3548                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3549                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                1884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 1887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                1887                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76546546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1583047761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1659594307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2194209                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2194209                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76546546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1585241970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1661788516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76546546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1585241970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1661788516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              5418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               5436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              5436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2068825.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 857091.370330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 880888.697983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       731403                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       731403                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2068825.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 856887.551351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 880651.041865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2068825.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 856887.551351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 880651.041865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               1080                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    1080                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           1887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73288265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1420217249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1493505514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1929309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1929309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73288265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1422146558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1495434823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73288265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1422146558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1495434823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1980763.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 768931.916080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792731.164544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       643103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       643103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1980763.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 768727.869189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792493.281929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1980763.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 768727.869189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792493.281929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1235                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.518837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         159281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        48.516905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.363088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.042377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   551.421310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1440.692062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.013693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.269249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.703463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  2844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2857                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1199                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1236                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61881888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1002966983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1064848871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61881888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1002966983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1064848871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61881888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1002966983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1064848871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              4080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               4095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              4095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.296709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1672483.459459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 836502.904921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 861528.212783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1672483.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 836502.904921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861528.212783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1672483.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 836502.904921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861528.212783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58633288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    896777783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    955411071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58633288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    896777783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    955411071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58633288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    896777783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    955411071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.296461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1584683.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 748562.423205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773612.203239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1584683.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 748562.423205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773612.203239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1584683.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 748562.423205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773612.203239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1874                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.478433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         181265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        46.241071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.006651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.484933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   836.565537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1145.421312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.009514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.408479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.559288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3544                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3545                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1840                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1873                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60834436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1595561576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1656396012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1593510                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1593510                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60834436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1597155086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1657989522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60834436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1597155086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1657989522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              5400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               5418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              5418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.342341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.341753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.341753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1843467.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 868569.175830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885773.268449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       531170                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       531170                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1843467.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 868019.068478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885205.297384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1843467.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 868019.068478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885205.297384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               1075                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    1075                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57936786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1434208298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1492145084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1329860                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1329860                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57936786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1435538158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1493474944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57936786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1435538158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1493474944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.342341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.341753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.341753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1755660.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 780733.967338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797938.547594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 443286.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443286.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1755660.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 780183.781522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797370.498665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1755660.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 780183.781522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797370.498665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1246                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.532007                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         159280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        48.354584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.370407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.519031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   555.356584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1433.285985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.015390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.271170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.699847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  2843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   2858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2856                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  2858                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1206                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1248                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    128140007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1024230081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1152370088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    128140007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1024230081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1152370088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    128140007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1024230081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1152370088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              4091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               4106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              4106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.297999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.305060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.296898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.303945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.296898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.303945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3050952.547619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 849278.674129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923373.467949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3050952.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 849278.674129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923373.467949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3050952.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 849278.674129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923373.467949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    124452407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    918284182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042736589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    124452407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    918284182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042736589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    124452407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    918284182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042736589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.297751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.296652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.296652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2963152.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 762061.561826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836196.141941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2963152.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 762061.561826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836196.141941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2963152.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 762061.561826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836196.141941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.434887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         183079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        60.783201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.434887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.965862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   447.140736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1532.893402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.014143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.218330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.748483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  2919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            928                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 928                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   2936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2934                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  2936                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     93856852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    758108223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     851965075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     93856852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    758108223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      851965075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     93856852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    758108223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     851965075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              3886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          928                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             928                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               3903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              3903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.241747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.240683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.240683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2536671.675676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 815170.132258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 881039.374354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2536671.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 815170.132258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 881039.374354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2536671.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 815170.132258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 881039.374354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                513                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     513                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90607292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    676437102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    767044394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90607292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    676437102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    767044394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90607292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    676437102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    767044394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.241747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.240683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.240683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2448845.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 727351.722581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 793220.676319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2448845.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 727351.722581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 793220.676319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2448845.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 727351.722581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 793220.676319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1893                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.842269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         122293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        31.030957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.480385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.346413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   809.296883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1190.718588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.008958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.395164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.581406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            626                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 626                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3393                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3394                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1893                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     44769921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1512031825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1556801746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     44769921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1512031825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1556801746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     44769921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1512031825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1556801746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              5281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          626                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             626                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               5287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              5287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.355348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.358048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.358048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1721920.038462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 809872.429031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822399.231907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1721920.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 809872.429031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822399.231907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1721920.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 809872.429031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822399.231907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     42486577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1348062244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390548821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     42486577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1348062244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390548821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     42486577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1348062244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390548821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.355348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1634099.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 722047.265131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734574.126255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1634099.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 722047.265131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734574.126255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1634099.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 722047.265131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734574.126255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2990                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.543348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         124008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        24.614530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.081319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.451945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   878.981863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1133.028220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.429190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.553236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            753                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 753                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3699                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3700                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2990                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79433361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2742689983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2822123344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9499252                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9499252                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79433361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2752189235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     2831622596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79433361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2752189235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    2831622596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              6675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          753                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             753                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               6690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              6690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.447191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.446936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.446936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2146847.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 930356.167910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945434.956114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1899850.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1899850.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2146847.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 931997.709109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947030.968562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2146847.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 931997.709109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947030.968562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                468                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     468                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76183886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2483811183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2559995069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9060252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9060252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76183886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2492871435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2569055321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76183886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2492871435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2569055321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2059023.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 842541.106852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857619.788610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1812050.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1812050.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2059023.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844182.673552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859215.826421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2059023.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844182.673552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859215.826421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.723346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1947919.616732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    31.723346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.050839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35457.179559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   221.102764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    34.897236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4397794394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4397794394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404426218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4404426218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404426218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4404426218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 341735.518999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341735.518999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340031.360920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340031.360920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340031.360920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340031.360920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1210811142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1210811142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211782713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211782713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211782713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211782713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 300151.497769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300151.497769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299279.504322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299279.504322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299279.504322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299279.504322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              521.665242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1006902733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1907012.751894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.665242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.050746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1127408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1127408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1127408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1127408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1127408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1127408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97725107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97725107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97725107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97725107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97725107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97725107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1127466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1127466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1127466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1127466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1127466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1127466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684915.637931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1684915.637931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684915.637931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1684915.637931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684915.637931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1684915.637931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64955019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64955019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64955019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64955019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64955019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64955019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1709342.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1709342.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1709342.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1709342.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1709342.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1709342.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6631                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              167288397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             24290.459852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   226.770108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    29.229892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.885821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.114179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       778940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        778940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       643880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1422820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1422820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1422820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1422820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        17509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        17509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7686832686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7686832686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     81267356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81267356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7768100042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7768100042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7768100042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7768100042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       796359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       796359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       643970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       643970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1440329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1440329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1440329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1440329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 441290.124921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441290.124921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 902970.622222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 902970.622222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 443663.261294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443663.261294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 443663.261294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443663.261294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3017465420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3017465420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9340310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9340310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3026805730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3026805730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3026805730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3026805730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456017.140698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456017.140698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 622687.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 622687.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456394.108866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456394.108866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456394.108866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456394.108866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              551.030851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              921322600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1657055.035971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.858007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.172844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.039837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1177568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1177568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1177568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1177568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1177568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1177568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62985293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62985293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62985293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62985293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62985293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62985293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1177607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1177607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1177607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1177607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1177607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1177607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1615007.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1615007.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1615007.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1615007.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1615007.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1615007.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47611797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47611797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47611797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47611797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47611797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47611797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1641786.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1641786.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1641786.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1641786.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1641786.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1641786.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5297                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              205428726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             36994.188006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   192.671046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    63.328954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.752621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.247379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1748891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1748891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          754                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          754                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          750                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          750                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2069402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2069402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2069402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2069402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        18630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        18630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8349370293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8349370293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2236598                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2236598                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8351606891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8351606891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8351606891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8351606891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1767495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1767495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          754                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          754                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          750                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          750                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2088032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2088032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2088032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2088032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 448794.361051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448794.361051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        86023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 448288.077885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448288.077885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 448288.077885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448288.077885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1734103632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1734103632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       386686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       386686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1734490318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1734490318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1734490318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1734490318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 327683.981859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327683.981859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64447.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64447.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 327385.865987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327385.865987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 327385.865987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327385.865987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              510.997321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001230935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1929154.017341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.997321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.057688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1222839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1222839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    142454251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142454251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    142454251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    142454251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    142454251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    142454251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2590077.290909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2590077.290909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2590077.290909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2590077.290909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2590077.290909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2590077.290909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       833312                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       416656                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    125254983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125254983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    125254983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125254983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    125254983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125254983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2846704.159091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2846704.159091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2846704.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2846704.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2846704.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2846704.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4060                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152644872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             35367.208526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   221.114872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    34.885128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.863730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.136270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       840403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       706576                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706576                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1546979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1546979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1546979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1546979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4402104992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4402104992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6870780                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6870780                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4408975772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4408975772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4408975772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4408975772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       853323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       706662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1559985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1559985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1559985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1559985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340720.200619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340720.200619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 79892.790698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79892.790698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338995.522989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338995.522989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338995.522989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338995.522989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8946                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8946                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1231210564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1231210564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       979162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       979162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1232189726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1232189726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1232189726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1232189726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 304378.384178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304378.384178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 65277.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65277.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 303495.006404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303495.006404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 303495.006404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303495.006404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              509.837025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1002480679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1939034.195358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    27.837025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.044611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1156528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1156528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1156528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1156528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1156528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1156528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    123641953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123641953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    123641953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    123641953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    123641953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    123641953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1156576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1156576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2575874.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2575874.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2575874.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2575874.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2575874.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2575874.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78922253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78922253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78922253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78922253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78922253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78922253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2254921.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2254921.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2254921.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2254921.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2254921.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2254921.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              158490831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             28021.716938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   226.481987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    29.518013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.884695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.115305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       813914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        813914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       685700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1499614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1499614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1499614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1499614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        18996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        18996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7823444880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7823444880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    399948231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    399948231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8223393111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8223393111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8223393111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8223393111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       832277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       832277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       686333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1518610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1518610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1518610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1518610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 426043.940533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426043.940533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 631829.748815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631829.748815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 432901.300853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432901.300853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 432901.300853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432901.300853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7154041                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 794893.444444                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1821592026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1821592026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3177346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3177346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1824769372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1824769372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1824769372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1824769372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 338460.056856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338460.056856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 176519.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176519.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337920.254074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337920.254074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337920.254074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337920.254074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              521.051317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1006904587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1914267.275665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    31.051317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.049762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1129262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1129262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1129262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1129262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1129262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1129262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     94607895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94607895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     94607895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94607895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     94607895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94607895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1129320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1129320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1129320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1129320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1129320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1129320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1631170.603448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1631170.603448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1631170.603448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1631170.603448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1631170.603448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1631170.603448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     65055369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65055369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     65055369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65055369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     65055369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65055369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1807093.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1807093.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1807093.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1807093.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1807093.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1807093.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 6650                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              167290901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             24223.993774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   226.802930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    29.197070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.885949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.114051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       780149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        780149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       645147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       645147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1506                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1506                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1425296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1425296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1425296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1425296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        17545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        17545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7609580470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7609580470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    107040542                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    107040542                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7716621012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7716621012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7716621012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7716621012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       797597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       797597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       645244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       645244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1442841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1442841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1442841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1442841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436129.096171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436129.096171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1103510.742268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1103510.742268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439818.809461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439818.809461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439818.809461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439818.809461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        10813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        10895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        10895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2979748423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2979748423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11934041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11934041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2991682464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2991682464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2991682464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2991682464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 449095.466918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449095.466918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 795602.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795602.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 449877.062256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449877.062256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 449877.062256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449877.062256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              509.840915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1002479304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1939031.535783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    27.840915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.044617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1155153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1155153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1155153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1155153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1155153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1155153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105876030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105876030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105876030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105876030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105876030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105876030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1155204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1155204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1155204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1155204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1155204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1155204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2076000.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2076000.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2076000.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2076000.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2076000.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2076000.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68139405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68139405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68139405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68139405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68139405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68139405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1946840.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1946840.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1946840.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1946840.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1946840.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1946840.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              158489418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             28031.379201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   226.470138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    29.529862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.884649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.115351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       813150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        813150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       685050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1603                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1603                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1498200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1498200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1498200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1498200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        18990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        18990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7756794724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7756794724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    402607378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    402607378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8159402102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8159402102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8159402102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8159402102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       831507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       831507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       685683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1603                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1603                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1517190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1517190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1517190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1517190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.022077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000923                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000923                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 422552.417280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422552.417280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 636030.612954                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 636030.612954                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 429668.357135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429668.357135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 429668.357135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429668.357135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5873779                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 652642.111111                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13592                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13592                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1822012291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1822012291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      3179047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3179047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1825191338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1825191338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1825191338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1825191338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338663.994610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338663.994610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 176613.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176613.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338123.626899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338123.626899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338123.626899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338123.626899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              553.109861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              921321317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1645216.637500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    27.336523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.773338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.043809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.842585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1176285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1176285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1176285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1176285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1176285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70437137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70437137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70437137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70437137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70437137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70437137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1176329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1176329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1176329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1600844.022727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1600844.022727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1600844.022727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1600844.022727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1600844.022727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1600844.022727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55371326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55371326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55371326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55371326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55371326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55371326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1677918.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1677918.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1677918.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1677918.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1677918.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1677918.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              205429713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             37054.421537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   194.091402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    61.908598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.758170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.241830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1749863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1749863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       320513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2070376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2070376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2070376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2070376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        18588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        18588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8386786075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8386786075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2275914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2275914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8389061989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8389061989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8389061989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8389061989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1768425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1768425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       320539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2088964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2088964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2088964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2088964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 451825.561631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451825.561631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 87535.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87535.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 451316.009737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451316.009737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 451316.009737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451316.009737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1745160623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745160623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       394479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       394479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1745555102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745555102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1745555102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745555102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 330397.694623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330397.694623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65746.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65746.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 330097.409607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330097.409607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 330097.409607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330097.409607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              506.736628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1001234080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1947926.225681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.736628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.050860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1225984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1225984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1225984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1225984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1225984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1225984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75268491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75268491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75268491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75268491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75268491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75268491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1226035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1226035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1226035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1226035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1226035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1226035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1475852.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1475852.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1475852.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1475852.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1475852.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1475852.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60843160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60843160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60843160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60843160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60843160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60843160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1560081.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1560081.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1560081.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1560081.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1560081.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1560081.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4062                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              152647557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             35351.449050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   221.117791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    34.882209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.863741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.136259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       841895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        841895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       707725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1549620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1549620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1549620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1549620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        12989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        12989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4329956117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4329956117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6637369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6637369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4336593486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4336593486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4336593486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4336593486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       854800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       854800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       707809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1562609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1562609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1562609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1562609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335525.464316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335525.464316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 79016.297619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79016.297619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 333866.616830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333866.616830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 333866.616830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333866.616830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1177002711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1177002711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       971864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1177974575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1177974575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1177974575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1177974575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 290833.385471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290833.385471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64790.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64790.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 289998.664451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289998.664451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 289998.664451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289998.664451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              510.913214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1002478851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1927843.944231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.913214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.046335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1154700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1154700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1154700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1154700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1154700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    123086065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123086065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    123086065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    123086065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    123086065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    123086065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1154756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1154756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1154756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2197965.446429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2197965.446429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2197965.446429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2197965.446429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2197965.446429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2197965.446429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76928811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76928811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76928811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76928811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76928811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76928811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2024442.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024442.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2024442.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024442.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2024442.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024442.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              158488046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             28031.136541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   226.482772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    29.517228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.884698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.115302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       812090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        812090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       684682                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       684682                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1496772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1496772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          632                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          632                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19091                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19091                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7839677515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7839677515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    404936511                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    404936511                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8244614026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8244614026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8244614026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8244614026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       830549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       830549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       685314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1515863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1515863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 424707.596024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424707.596024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 640722.327532                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 640722.327532                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 431858.678225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431858.678225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 431858.678225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431858.678225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7322370                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       732237                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1830776018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1830776018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3185918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3185918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1833961936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833961936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1833961936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833961936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 340292.940149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340292.940149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 176995.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176995.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 339748.413486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339748.413486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 339748.413486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339748.413486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              506.732038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1001232092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1947922.357977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.732038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.050853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1223996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1223996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1223996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1223996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1223996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77724478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77724478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77724478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77724478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77724478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77724478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1224046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1224046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1224046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1224046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1224046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1224046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1554489.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1554489.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1554489.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1554489.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1554489.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1554489.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62338945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62338945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62338945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62338945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62338945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62338945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1598434.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598434.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1598434.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598434.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1598434.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598434.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4056                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152644962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35400.037570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   221.154853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    34.845147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.863886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.136114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       840492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       706538                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706538                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1547030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1547030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1547030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1547030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        12972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        12972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4408489537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4408489537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6636620                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6636620                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4415126157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4415126157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4415126157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4415126157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       853380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       706622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1560002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1560002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1560002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1560002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 342061.571772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342061.571772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 79007.380952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79007.380952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 340358.168131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340358.168131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 340358.168131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340358.168131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1197911743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1197911743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       971652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1198883395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1198883395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1198883395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1198883395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 296439.431576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296439.431576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64776.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64776.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 295582.691075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295582.691075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 295582.691075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295582.691075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              508.411804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1002479052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1942788.860465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.411804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.042327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1154901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1154901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1154901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1154901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1154901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90269992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90269992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90269992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90269992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90269992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90269992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1154948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1154948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1154948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1920638.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1920638.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1920638.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1920638.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1920638.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1920638.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61176639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61176639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61176639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61176639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61176639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61176639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1799312.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1799312.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1799312.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1799312.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1799312.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1799312.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              158490686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             28101.185461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   226.501012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    29.498988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.884770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.115230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       813569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        813569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       685890                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685890                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1610                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1610                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1499459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1499459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1499459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1499459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          612                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          612                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7802168997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7802168997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    330431103                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    330431103                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8132600100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8132600100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8132600100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8132600100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       831924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       831924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       686502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1518426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1518426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1518426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1518426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 425070.498338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 425070.498338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 539920.102941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539920.102941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 428776.300944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428776.300944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 428776.300944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428776.300944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4143085                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 460342.777778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1842824361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1842824361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2585135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2585135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1845409496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1845409496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1845409496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1845409496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 343426.082930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343426.082930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 143618.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143618.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 342758.078752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342758.078752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 342758.078752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342758.078752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              511.001725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001231877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1929155.832370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.001725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.057695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1223781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1223781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1223781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1223781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1223781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    147375213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147375213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    147375213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    147375213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    147375213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    147375213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1223835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1223835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1223835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2729170.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2729170.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2729170.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2729170.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2729170.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2729170.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1469902                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 489967.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    128635648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128635648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    128635648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128635648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    128635648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128635648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2923537.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2923537.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2923537.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2923537.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2923537.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2923537.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4061                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              152646111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35359.302988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   221.113335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    34.886665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.863724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.136276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       841093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        841093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       707125                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707125                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1548218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1548218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1548218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1548218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        13016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        13016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4358309340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4358309340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6868038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6868038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4365177378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4365177378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4365177378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4365177378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       854023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       854023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       707211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1561234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1561234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1561234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1561234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 337069.554524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337069.554524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 79860.906977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79860.906977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 335370.112016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335370.112016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 335370.112016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335370.112016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8954                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8954                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1219142455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1219142455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       979236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       979236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1220121691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1220121691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1220121691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1220121691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 301245.973561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 301245.973561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65282.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65282.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 300374.616199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300374.616199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 300374.616199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300374.616199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              486.826408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1004354863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2033107.010121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.826408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.051004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1255423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1255423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1255423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1255423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1255423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    140600993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140600993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    140600993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    140600993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    140600993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    140600993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1255482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1255482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1255482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2383067.677966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2383067.677966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2383067.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2383067.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2383067.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2383067.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       637950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       212650                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94318266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94318266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94318266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94318266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94318266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94318266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2418417.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2418417.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2418417.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2418417.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2418417.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2418417.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3864                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148979595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             36160.095874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   219.742439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    36.257561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.858369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.141631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       998288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        998288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       741475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1739763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1739763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1739763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1739763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         9917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         9917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2246825371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2246825371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6811725                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6811725                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2253637096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2253637096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2253637096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2253637096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1008116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       741564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1749680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1749680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1749680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1749680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 228614.710114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228614.710114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 76536.235955                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76536.235955                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 227249.883634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227249.883634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 227249.883634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227249.883634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3255                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         3255                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         6053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         6053                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6053                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    955723549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    955723549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1194506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1194506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    956918055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    956918055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    956918055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    956918055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 248433.467377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248433.467377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 70265.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70265.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 247649.600155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247649.600155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 247649.600155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247649.600155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              550.229308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              921320900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1663034.115523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.056076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.173233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.038551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1175868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1175868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1175868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1175868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1175868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1175868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58028268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58028268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58028268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     58028268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58028268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     58028268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1175908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1175908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1175908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1175908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1175908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1175908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1450706.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1450706.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1450706.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1450706.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1450706.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1450706.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     45070921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45070921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     45070921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45070921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     45070921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45070921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1669293.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1669293.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1669293.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1669293.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1669293.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1669293.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5260                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              205427175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             37242.054931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   192.555767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    63.444233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.752171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.247829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1747336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1747336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2067847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2067847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2067847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2067847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8487349182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8487349182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2152466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2152466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8489501648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8489501648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8489501648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8489501648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1765919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1765919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2086456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2086456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2086456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2086456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 456726.534036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 456726.534036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82787.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82787.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 456204.075877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 456204.075877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 456204.075877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 456204.075877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1749538199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1749538199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1749922799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1749922799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1749922799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1749922799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 332991.663304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332991.663304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 332684.942776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332684.942776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 332684.942776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332684.942776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              522.099569                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1006903394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1907014.003788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.099569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1128069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1128069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1128069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1128069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1128069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1128069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    123597116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123597116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    123597116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    123597116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    123597116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    123597116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1128127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1128127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1128127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1128127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1128127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1128127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2130984.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2130984.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2130984.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2130984.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2130984.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2130984.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79809332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79809332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79809332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79809332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79809332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79809332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2100245.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2100245.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2100245.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2100245.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2100245.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2100245.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6652                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167290914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             24216.982339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   226.785631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    29.214369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.885881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.114119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       780361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        780361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       644964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       644964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1425325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1425325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1425325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1425325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        17529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        17529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7601464327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7601464327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89397182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89397182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7690861509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7690861509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7690861509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7690861509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       797798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       797798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       645056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       645056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1442854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1442854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1442854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1442854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 435938.769685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435938.769685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 971708.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 971708.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 438750.727880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438750.727880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 438750.727880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438750.727880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3009719170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3009719170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10181752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10181752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3019900922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3019900922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3019900922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3019900922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 453475.843001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453475.843001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 678783.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 678783.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 453983.902886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453983.902886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 453983.902886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453983.902886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
