
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001065                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1065036348                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400561750746                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 414134                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   540955                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37540                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67614344                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28370.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11749142454                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15347117261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        78336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        23296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        34304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        21632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        17280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        78464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        18816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        27776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        17024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        28672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        27776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        81152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        16256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               574976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           43520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       251136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            251136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3605511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17907370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3365143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     73552419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1682572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21873432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1802755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     32209229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1682572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20311044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3124776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     16224798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2884409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     73672603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3244960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     17667003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1802755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     26079861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3004592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     15984431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1562388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     26921147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1802755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     26079861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1682572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20791779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2884409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     76196460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3605511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     18267921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3124776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     15263329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               539865143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3605511                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3365143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1682572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1802755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1682572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3124776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2884409                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3244960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1802755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3004592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1562388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1802755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1682572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2884409                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3605511                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3124776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           40862455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         235800403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              235800403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         235800403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3605511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17907370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3365143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     73552419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1682572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21873432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1802755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     32209229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1682572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20311044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3124776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     16224798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2884409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     73672603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3244960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     17667003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1802755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     26079861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3004592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     15984431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1562388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     26921147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1802755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     26079861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1682572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20791779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2884409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     76196460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3605511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     18267921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3124776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     15263329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              775665546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2554045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210664                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172435                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22270                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86633                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80931                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1007                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019651                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1178448                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210664                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102174                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              244806                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        45236                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125118                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22124                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2348712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2103906     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11324      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17882      0.76%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23716      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25039      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21338      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11619      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17909      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         115979      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2348712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082482                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461405                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1999294                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        66051                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244180                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          376                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        38809                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34425                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1444639                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        38809                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2005283                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         13593                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        39566                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238565                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12892                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1443054                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1578                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2013888                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6710394                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6710394                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         298654                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          346                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          177                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40409                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136047                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72337                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          748                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15430                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439670                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357507                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       176867                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429945                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2348712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1776100     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       234515      9.98%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119062      5.07%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        90047      3.83%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71150      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28943      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18087      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9574      0.41%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1234      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2348712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           303     12.37%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          905     36.94%     49.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1242     50.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142157     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20213      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122995      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71974      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357507                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.531513                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2450                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001805                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5066495                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1616899                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335124                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359957                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2679                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24596                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1441                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        38809                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         10801                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1164                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440023                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136047                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72337                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          178                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          973                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12199                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13062                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25261                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337278                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115503                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20228                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187462                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189558                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71959                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523592                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335215                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1335124                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          767628                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2069724                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522749                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370884                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209581                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22324                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1805628     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249905     10.82%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94493      4.09%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44712      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37633      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21975      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19533      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8382      0.36%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27642      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        27642                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3722271                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2918867                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32464                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                205333                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.554045                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.554045                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.391536                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.391536                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6016701                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1861405                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1338100                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2554045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         198092                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161506                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21171                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80115                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75544                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19629                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          920                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1923735                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1172391                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            198092                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        95173                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              240588                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         66731                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        60718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          120273                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21199                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2269834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2029246     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          12732      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20327      0.90%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          30482      1.34%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          12614      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          14898      0.66%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          15187      0.67%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          10835      0.48%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         123513      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2269834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077560                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459033                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1899069                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        86166                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          238811                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44400                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        32095                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1420299                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1359                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44400                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1904027                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         39368                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        31449                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          235360                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        15225                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1416946                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         7569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1337                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1938264                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6605367                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6605367                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1590638                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         347626                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          315                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          169                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           44106                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       143704                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        79101                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4053                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        15927                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1411864                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          318                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316248                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1893                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       508362                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2269834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1708870     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227470     10.02%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126185      5.56%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82253      3.62%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75292      3.32%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23336      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16943      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5737      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3748      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2269834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           359     10.91%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1392     42.31%     53.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1539     46.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1083558     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24240      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130740      9.93%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77565      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316248                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.515358                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3290                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002500                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4907513                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1633835                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1291661                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1319538                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6298                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30728                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5158                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1039                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44400                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         27632                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1757                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1412187                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143704                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79101                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          997                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11338                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13083                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        24421                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1296641                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19607                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             201107                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         175910                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            77407                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.507681                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1291797                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1291661                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          764201                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1938595                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.505731                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394204                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       953729                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1163098                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250137                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        21543                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2225434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1753933     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224529     10.09%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93413      4.20%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47505      2.13%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35709      1.60%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20319      0.91%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12522      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10367      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27137      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2225434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       953729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1163098                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               186919                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              112976                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           161604                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1051450                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        22681                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        27137                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3611519                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2870888                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 34768                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                284211                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            953729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1163098                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       953729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.677957                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.677957                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.373419                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.373419                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5886612                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1764620                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1346502                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2554045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         207374                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169948                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22142                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84333                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78870                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21078                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1986006                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1185016                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            207374                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        99948                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              259158                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         63533                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        61149                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          123945                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21878                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2347359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.973631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2088201     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          27457      1.17%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          32194      1.37%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          17643      0.75%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          19656      0.84%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          11556      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7702      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          20298      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         122652      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2347359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081194                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.463976                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1969664                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        78077                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          256822                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2100                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        40691                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        33601                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          355                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1446121                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1977                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        40691                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1973264                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         14952                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        53970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          255370                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9107                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1444375                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2010223                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6724547                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6724547                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1684697                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         325495                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          374                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          209                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           26744                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       138583                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        74271                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1671                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        16276                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440584                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          373                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1352971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1938                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198481                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       460084                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2347359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1778769     75.78%     75.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227717      9.70%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123146      5.25%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85082      3.62%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74561      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38020      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9539      0.41%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6062      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4463      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2347359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     10.83%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1424     46.04%     56.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1334     43.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1133263     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21107      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       124854      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73583      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1352971                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.529737                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3093                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002286                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5058332                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1639477                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1328087                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1356064                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3253                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27151                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           39                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2188                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        40691                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         10798                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1076                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440958                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138583                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74271                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          754                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           39                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12145                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12908                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        25053                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1330892                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116789                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22079                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             190336                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         185361                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            73547                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.521092                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1328167                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1328087                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          790873                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2073171                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.519994                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381480                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       989112                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1213273                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227671                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        22108                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2306668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1810856     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230183      9.98%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96554      4.19%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57389      2.49%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39860      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25996      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13706      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10833      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21291      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2306668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       989112                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1213273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               183509                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              111430                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           173603                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1093819                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        24662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        21291                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3726321                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2922608                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 32339                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                206686                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            989112                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1213273                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       989112                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.582160                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.582160                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.387273                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.387273                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6001780                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1847058                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1347558                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2554045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         200376                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180312                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12194                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75709                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69824                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10995                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          547                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2103541                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1259496                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            200376                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        80819                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              248484                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         38607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        43213                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          122384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12091                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2421381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.611303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2172897     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           8686      0.36%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18372      0.76%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           7333      0.30%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          40561      1.68%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          36301      1.50%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7023      0.29%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          14782      0.61%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         115426      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2421381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.078454                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.493138                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2091982                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        55171                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          247506                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          750                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        25966                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        17892                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          177                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1477343                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1080                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        25966                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2094634                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         36728                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        11413                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          245669                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6965                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1475588                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         2763                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1742100                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6945310                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6945310                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1510446                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         231648                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           19798                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       344156                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       172914                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1725                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         8574                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1470705                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1403761                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133635                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       323742                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2421381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1923123     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148622      6.14%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122703      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52965      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67496      2.79%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64762      2.67%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36795      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3046      0.13%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1869      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2421381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3564     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27394     86.20%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          822      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       885641     63.09%     63.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12343      0.88%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       333359     23.75%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172334     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1403761                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.549623                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31780                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022639                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5261626                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1604566                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1389991                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1435541                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2597                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16697                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1621                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        25966                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         33129                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1712                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1470881                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       344156                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172914                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1149                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6338                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7597                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        13935                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1392582                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       332021                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11179                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             504316                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         182166                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           172295                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.545246                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1390105                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1389991                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          752312                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1489707                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.544231                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505007                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1119563                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1315915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155063                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        12253                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1917877     80.06%     80.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174628      7.29%     87.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81756      3.41%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80681      3.37%     94.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21906      0.91%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93607      3.91%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7224      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5159      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12577      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1119563                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1315915                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               498748                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              327455                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           173823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1170250                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        12813                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        12577                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3853816                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2967942                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 47332                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                132664                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1119563                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1315915                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1119563                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.281287                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.281287                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.438349                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.438349                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6874293                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1620737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1748554                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2554045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         208077                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170522                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22044                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84667                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79501                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21145                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          977                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1989861                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1188669                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            208077                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       100646                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              260123                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         63306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        58120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          124087                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21782                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2349013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2088890     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          27570      1.17%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          32319      1.38%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          17745      0.76%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          19989      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          11366      0.48%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7733      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          20474      0.87%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         122927      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2349013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081470                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.465406                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1973279                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        75287                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          257882                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        40553                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        33699                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1450736                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1982                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        40553                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1976771                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         14483                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        51834                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          256441                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8926                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1448921                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4459                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2016120                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6746354                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6746354                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1691243                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         324877                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          377                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          212                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           25997                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       139040                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        74722                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1732                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        16358                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1445184                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          376                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357158                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1927                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199171                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       462668                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           48                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2349013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1778381     75.71%     75.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       228761      9.74%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123470      5.26%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85418      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74824      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38098      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9497      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6077      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4487      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2349013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           332     10.75%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1414     45.79%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1342     43.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1136423     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21192      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125389      9.24%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73989      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357158                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531376                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3088                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002275                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5068344                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1644769                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1332438                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360246                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3313                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27150                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2354                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        40553                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         10367                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1071                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1445561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139040                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74722                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          212                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          747                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12229                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12754                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        24983                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335230                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117287                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             191229                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         185999                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            73942                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.522790                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1332514                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1332438                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          793373                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2080347                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.521697                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381366                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       992948                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1218067                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227508                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22017                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1810697     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       231009     10.01%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97057      4.20%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57650      2.50%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39991      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26010      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13790      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10808      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21448      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       992948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1218067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               184258                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              111890                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           174322                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1098133                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        24770                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        21448                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3732587                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2931705                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32226                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                205032                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            992948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1218067                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       992948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.572184                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.572184                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.388775                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.388775                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6021278                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1852668                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1352011                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2554045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         230621                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192189                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22754                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89374                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81629                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24332                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1039                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1995503                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1265253                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            230621                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       105961                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              262502                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         64687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        69128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          125681                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21698                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2368848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2106346     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          15772      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          19986      0.84%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          32176      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          12999      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          17159      0.72%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          19878      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9440      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         135092      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2368848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090296                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.495392                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1983566                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        82457                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          261158                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          161                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        41500                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        34767                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1545479                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1274                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        41500                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1986151                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          6338                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        69920                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          258699                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6234                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1535140                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          866                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2145315                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7133865                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7133865                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1755638                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         389671                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           22880                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       145474                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        73947                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          845                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        16765                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1497356                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          370                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1423089                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2033                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206536                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       437939                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2368848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.600752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1767677     74.62%     74.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273099     11.53%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111907      4.72%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63378      2.68%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84722      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26985      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26418      1.12%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13575      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1087      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2368848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10085     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1397     10.94%     89.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1282     10.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1199263     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19228      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130829      9.19%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73595      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1423089                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.557190                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12764                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008969                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5229823                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1704283                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1383661                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1435853                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1093                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31364                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1458                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        41500                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          4735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          618                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1497727                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          981                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145474                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73947                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          546                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12725                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13255                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        25980                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1396640                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128035                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26449                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             201600                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         196834                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            73565                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.546835                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1383698                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1383661                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          829099                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2229632                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.541753                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371855                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1021215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1258272                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239452                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22742                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2327348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1794243     77.09%     77.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270732     11.63%     88.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97858      4.20%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48705      2.09%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44416      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18866      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18784      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8941      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24803      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2327348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1021215                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1258272                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               186595                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              114106                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           182353                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1132857                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        25964                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        24803                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3800256                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3036960                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32454                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                185197                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1021215                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1258272                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1021215                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.500987                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.500987                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.399842                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.399842                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6281360                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1935974                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1427231                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2554045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         198593                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161907                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21058                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80072                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75668                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19667                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          909                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1923465                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1174877                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            198593                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        95335                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              241036                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         66554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        61920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          120255                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21097                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2271153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2030117     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          12712      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20274      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          30439      1.34%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          12803      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          14881      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          15358      0.68%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          10972      0.48%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         123597      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2271153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077756                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460006                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1898814                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        87338                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          239222                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1435                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        44339                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        32189                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1423451                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1375                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        44339                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1903829                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         40053                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        31696                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          235754                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        15477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1420275                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          781                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2866                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         7685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1366                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1941972                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6620219                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6620219                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1593717                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         348255                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          315                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          168                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           44484                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       144066                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        79345                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4088                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        15965                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1415231                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          317                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1319164                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2026                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222494                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       510613                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2271153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1709284     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227671     10.02%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126104      5.55%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82674      3.64%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75659      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23290      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16927      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5737      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3807      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2271153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           376     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1402     42.38%     53.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1530     46.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1085841     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24318      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131033      9.93%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77826      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1319164                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.516500                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3308                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002508                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4914815                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1638116                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1294470                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1322472                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6305                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30873                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5251                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1038                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        44339                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         28448                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1697                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1415553                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           73                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       144066                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79345                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          926                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11277                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13087                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24364                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1299542                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       124038                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             201698                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         176346                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            77660                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.508817                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1294625                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1294470                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          765962                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1943616                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.506831                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394091                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       955546                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1165356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251274                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        21424                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2226814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1754466     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224912     10.10%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93453      4.20%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47795      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35618      1.60%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20408      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12575      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10505      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27082      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2226814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       955546                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1165356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               187287                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              113193                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           161944                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1053461                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        22722                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        27082                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3616349                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2877616                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 34678                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                282892                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            955546                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1165356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       955546                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.672865                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.672865                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.374130                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.374130                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5899241                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1767662                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1349435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2554045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         211004                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172836                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22346                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86715                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80985                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21214                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1011                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019820                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1180409                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            211004                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       102199                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              245303                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         61978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        44764                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          125215                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22193                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2349240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2103937     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          11464      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          17871      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          23827      1.01%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          25194      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          21145      0.90%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          11554      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          17654      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         116594      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2349240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082616                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.462172                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1999631                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        65426                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          244631                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          407                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        39143                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34361                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1447436                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1262                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        39143                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2005671                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         13199                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        39264                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          238989                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        12970                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1445634                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2017237                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6722274                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6722274                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1714970                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         302267                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           40850                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       136679                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        72276                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          807                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        27233                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1442138                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1358725                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          298                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       179446                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       436678                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2349240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1767152     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245444     10.45%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122716      5.22%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86740      3.69%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69308      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28904      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18281      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9369      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1326      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2349240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           321     13.04%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          905     36.77%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1235     50.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1143239     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20161      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123242      9.07%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71915      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1358725                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.531989                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2461                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001811                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5069449                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1621947                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335996                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1361186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2687                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25243                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1391                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        39143                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         10497                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1118                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1442490                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136679                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72276                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          178                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          932                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12241                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13112                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        25353                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1338192                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115602                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20533                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             187499                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         189632                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            71897                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.523950                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1336097                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1335996                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          768603                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2072852                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523090                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999853                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230258                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       212237                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22401                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2310097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1798319     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257110     11.13%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93836      4.06%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44721      1.94%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42287      1.83%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22239      0.96%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16590      0.72%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8530      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26465      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2310097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       999853                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1230258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               182321                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              111436                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           177365                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1108456                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25328                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        26465                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3726114                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2924141                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32569                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                204805                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            999853                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1230258                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       999853                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.554420                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.554420                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.391478                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.391478                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6020771                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1862838                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1340066                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2554045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         195811                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173961                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17016                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128327                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123121                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11870                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          576                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2041651                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1109633                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            195811                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       134991                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              246678                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         55354                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        34233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          124675                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16589                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2360811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2114133     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          37208      1.58%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          19170      0.81%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          35999      1.52%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          11753      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          33444      1.42%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           5284      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           8987      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          94833      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2360811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.076667                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.434461                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1977421                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        99162                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          246046                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          280                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        37901                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        19256                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1246981                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        37901                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1984626                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         65257                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        13739                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          240207                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        19080                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1244361                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        17169                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1638356                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5644615                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5644615                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1303720                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         334616                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           34256                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       219255                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        36712                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          319                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8315                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1236131                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1148936                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1093                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237486                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498064                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2360811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1855228     78.58%     78.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166473      7.05%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161287      6.83%     92.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97572      4.13%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50984      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13329      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15273      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          366      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          299      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2360811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2077     57.86%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     23.68%     81.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          663     18.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904881     78.76%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9208      0.80%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198459     17.27%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36305      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1148936                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.449850                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3590                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003125                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4663366                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1473791                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1117934                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1152526                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          972                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46687                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1138                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        37901                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         33633                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2271                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1236296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           79                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219255                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36712                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          427                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10273                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7684                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        17957                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1132146                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195146                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16790                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             231441                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         171680                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            36295                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.443276                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1118344                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1117934                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          676484                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1491572                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.437711                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.453538                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       882362                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       996383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239961                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        16751                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2322910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1950586     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147156      6.33%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93949      4.04%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29216      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48717      2.10%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9765      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6328      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5524      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31669      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2322910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       882362                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       996383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               208137                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              172563                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           152975                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          871119                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        31669                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3527585                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2510631                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 45223                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                193234                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            882362                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              996383                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       882362                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.894555                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.894555                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.345476                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.345476                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5252214                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1462944                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1313032                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2554045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         230456                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192042                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22750                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89308                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81875                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24301                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1994528                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1263614                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            230456                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       106176                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              262311                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         64480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        68968                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          125619                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21716                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2367324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2105013     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          15856      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          19949      0.84%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          32161      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13052      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          17158      0.72%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          19881      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9368      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         134886      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2367324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090232                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.494750                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1982752                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        82083                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          261021                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          162                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        41300                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        34741                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1543889                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        41300                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1985258                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          6403                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        69646                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          258641                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6070                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1534042                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2143401                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7129065                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7129065                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1755257                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         388133                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          369                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           22337                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       145396                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        73886                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          878                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16747                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1495463                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          372                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1422355                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2030                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204880                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433765                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2367324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.600828                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1766402     74.62%     74.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       272988     11.53%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111833      4.72%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63480      2.68%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84620      3.57%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27000      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26329      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13569      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1103      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2367324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10039     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1400     11.00%     89.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1288     10.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1198467     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19184      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130966      9.21%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73564      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1422355                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.556903                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12727                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008948                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5226791                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1700736                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1382708                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1435082                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1133                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31316                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1424                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        41300                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4730                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1495836                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          911                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145396                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73886                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12752                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13134                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        25886                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1395870                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128189                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26485                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             201727                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         196664                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            73538                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.546533                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1382745                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1382708                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          828104                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2227664                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.541380                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371736                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1020988                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1257987                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237855                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22731                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2326024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1793254     77.10%     77.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270344     11.62%     88.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98054      4.22%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48499      2.09%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44512      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18863      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18711      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8887      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24900      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2326024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1020988                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1257987                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               186542                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              114080                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           182322                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1132592                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        25957                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        24900                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3796953                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3032990                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32424                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                186721                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1020988                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1257987                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1020988                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.501543                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.501543                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.399753                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.399753                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6278234                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1934584                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1425536                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2554045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         195845                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174033                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16867                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       126483                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123103                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11807                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          555                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2040827                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1110187                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            195845                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       134910                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              246576                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         54979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        34021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          124516                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16452                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2359444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.783033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2112868     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          37114      1.57%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          19177      0.81%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          36035      1.53%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          11719      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          33383      1.41%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5216      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9005      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          94927      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2359444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.076680                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.434678                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1968994                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       106530                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          245981                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          262                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37676                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        19288                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1247196                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1347                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37676                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1976948                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         70681                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        13745                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          239722                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        20671                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1244707                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        18812                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1639254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5645770                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5645770                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1306618                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         332636                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           85                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           36586                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       219188                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        36760                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          352                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8327                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1236837                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1150121                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1112                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       236072                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       495638                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2359444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.102542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1852812     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167768      7.11%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160611      6.81%     92.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98237      4.16%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50771      2.15%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13165      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15387      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          355      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          338      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2359444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2071     57.93%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          835     23.36%     81.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          669     18.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       905715     78.75%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9239      0.80%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198726     17.28%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36357      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1150121                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.450314                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3575                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003108                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4664373                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1473089                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1119639                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1153696                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1002                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46218                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1124                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37676                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         35303                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1237006                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219188                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36760                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           85                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          414                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10115                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7679                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        17794                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1133850                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195436                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             231784                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         171959                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            36348                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.443943                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1119971                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1119639                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          677338                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1492848                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.438379                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.453722                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       884397                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       998541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238548                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16608                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2321768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1948778     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147366      6.35%     90.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94167      4.06%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29239      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48845      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9671      0.42%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6357      0.27%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5513      0.24%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31832      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2321768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       884397                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       998541                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               208606                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              172970                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           153269                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          873013                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        12674                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        31832                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3527025                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2511882                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 44893                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                194601                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            884397                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              998541                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       884397                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.887894                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.887894                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346273                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346273                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5260115                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1465391                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1313927                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2554044                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         195779                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173927                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17057                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128229                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123049                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11876                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          581                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2041852                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1109367                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            195779                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       134925                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              246619                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         55455                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        34074                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          124693                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16631                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2360853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2114234     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          37171      1.57%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          19179      0.81%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          35990      1.52%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          11756      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          33457      1.42%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5288      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8975      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          94803      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2360853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.076655                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.434357                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1973697                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       102930                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          245989                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        37960                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        19262                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1246682                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        37960                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1981295                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         68309                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        13458                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          239917                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        19913                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1244082                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          995                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        18028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1638190                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5643437                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5643437                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1303302                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         334875                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           35438                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       219106                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        36724                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          315                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8317                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1235905                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1148718                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237596                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498023                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2360853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1855126     78.58%     78.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167042      7.08%     85.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160703      6.81%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97741      4.14%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        51026      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13315      0.56%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15237      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          358      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          305      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2360853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2060     57.69%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          847     23.72%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          664     18.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904739     78.76%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9209      0.80%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198387     17.27%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36300      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1148718                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.449764                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3571                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003109                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4662939                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1473676                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1117699                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1152289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          954                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46645                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1150                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        37960                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         34647                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2411                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1236070                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           90                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219106                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36724                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          415                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10279                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7690                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        17969                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1131899                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195036                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16819                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             231324                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         171656                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            36288                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.443179                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1118106                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1117699                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          676282                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1490924                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.437619                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.453599                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       882009                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       996030                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240101                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16792                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2322893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1950721     83.98%     83.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147072      6.33%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93944      4.04%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29159      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48729      2.10%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9768      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6314      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5535      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31651      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2322893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       882009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       996030                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               208033                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              172459                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           152916                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          870825                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        31651                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3527373                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2510259                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 45131                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                193191                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            882009                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              996030                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       882009                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.895712                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.895712                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.345338                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.345338                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5250895                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1462655                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1312659                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2554045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         208109                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170448                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22028                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84385                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79169                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21102                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          965                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1989090                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1188350                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            208109                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       100271                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              259866                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         63355                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        59956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          124032                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2349891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2090025     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          27606      1.17%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          32069      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          17586      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          20041      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          11466      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           7674      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          20392      0.87%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         123032      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2349891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081482                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.465282                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1972926                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        76708                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          257595                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2033                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        40624                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        33811                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          355                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1450472                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1972                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        40624                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1976401                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         14584                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        53170                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          256192                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         8915                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1448648                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2015851                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6744638                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6744638                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1689753                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         326098                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          379                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          214                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           26130                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       139176                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        74594                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1787                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        16343                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1444821                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356503                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1979                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199236                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       464661                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2349891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1779815     75.74%     75.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       228283      9.71%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123433      5.25%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85347      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74775      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38240      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9448      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6075      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4475      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2349891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     10.75%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1439     46.20%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1341     43.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1135744     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21204      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125485      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73905      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356503                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.531119                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3115                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002296                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5067991                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1644473                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1331588                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359618                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3326                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27385                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2278                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        40624                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         10631                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1038                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1445200                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139176                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74594                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          214                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          717                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12109                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12800                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24909                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1334472                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117237                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22031                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             191100                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         185921                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            73863                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522494                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1331669                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1331588                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          792421                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2078116                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521364                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381317                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       992095                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1217014                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228200                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        21998                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1811979     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230701      9.99%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96987      4.20%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57458      2.49%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40163      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26060      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13770      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10799      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21350      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       992095                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1217014                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               184107                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              111791                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           174156                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1097203                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        24752                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        21350                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3733131                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2931055                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32157                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                204154                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            992095                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1217014                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       992095                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.574396                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.574396                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.388441                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.388441                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6017804                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1851286                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1351504                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2554045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         197713                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161231                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21162                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79660                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75183                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19609                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          904                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1919495                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1170421                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            197713                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        94792                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              239997                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         66629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        63567                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          120102                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21208                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2267762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2027765     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          12608      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20141      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          30345      1.34%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          12713      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          14758      0.65%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          15181      0.67%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          10975      0.48%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         123276      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2267762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077412                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.458262                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1894285                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        89531                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          238228                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1401                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        44312                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        32026                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          367                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1418285                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        44312                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1899346                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         42554                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        31409                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          234727                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        15409                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1415095                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          852                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         7800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1343                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1935773                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6596400                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6596400                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1587159                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         348608                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          314                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          168                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           44684                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       143839                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        79101                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4046                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        15971                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1410018                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          317                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1313616                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2118                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222184                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       512711                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2267762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1707737     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       226998     10.01%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126045      5.56%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82385      3.63%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75141      3.31%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23238      1.02%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16703      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5719      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3796      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2267762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           384     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1404     42.47%     54.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1518     45.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1081019     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24181      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130727      9.95%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77544      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1313616                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.514328                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3306                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002517                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4900418                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1632594                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1288851                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1316922                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6198                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31099                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5291                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1032                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        44312                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         30602                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1785                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1410340                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           59                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143839                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79101                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1004                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           77                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11352                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13178                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        24530                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1294005                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123682                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19611                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             201069                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         175468                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            77387                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.506649                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1288988                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1288851                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          762737                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1934158                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.504631                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.394351                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       951709                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1160571                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250834                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21529                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2223450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1752764     78.83%     78.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224128     10.08%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93394      4.20%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47405      2.13%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35427      1.59%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20439      0.92%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12595      0.57%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10417      0.47%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26881      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2223450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       951709                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1160571                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               186546                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              112736                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           161227                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1049157                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        22617                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        26881                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3607961                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2867142                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 34803                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                286283                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            951709                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1160571                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       951709                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.683641                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.683641                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.372628                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.372628                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5874349                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1761003                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1344365                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2554045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         211065                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172758                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22155                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86702                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80988                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21281                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          984                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2018866                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1180305                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            211065                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       102269                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              245192                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         61416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        46112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          124984                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22005                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2349154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2103962     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11285      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          17799      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          23927      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          25117      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          21451      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11608      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          17709      0.75%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         116296      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2349154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082639                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.462132                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1998440                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        66994                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          244560                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        38775                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34498                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1447014                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1249                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        38775                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2004426                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         13482                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        40687                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          238968                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        12812                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1445413                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5713                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2016813                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6721147                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6721147                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1716892                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         299841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          346                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          177                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           40312                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       136433                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        72440                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          778                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15508                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1442001                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1359513                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          337                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177723                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2349154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1775941     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       234536      9.98%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119425      5.08%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89941      3.83%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71304      3.04%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29048      1.24%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18134      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9556      0.41%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1269      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2349154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           322     12.95%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          918     36.91%     49.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1247     50.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1143708     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20216      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123357      9.07%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72064      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1359513                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.532298                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2487                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001829                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5071004                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1620086                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1336889                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1362000                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2691                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24838                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1464                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        38775                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         10653                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1175                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1442354                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136433                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72440                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          178                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          995                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12099                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13074                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25173                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1339160                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115801                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             187845                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         189925                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            72044                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.524329                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1336979                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1336889                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          768956                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2072925                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.523440                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.370952                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000980                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231697                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210592                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22211                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2310379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1805550     78.15%     78.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       250294     10.83%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94576      4.09%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44763      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37544      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21908      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19652      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8402      0.36%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27690      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2310379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1000980                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1231697                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               182550                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              111583                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           177593                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1109767                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25371                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        27690                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3724965                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2923432                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32370                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                204891                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1000980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1231697                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1000980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.551544                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.551544                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.391919                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.391919                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6024950                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1863861                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1340201                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2554045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         230656                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192185                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22694                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89539                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82085                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24301                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1024                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1997875                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1264825                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            230656                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       106386                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              262615                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         64269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        67742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          125721                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21672                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2369594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2106979     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          15811      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20066      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          32185      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          13113      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          17141      0.72%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          19938      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9443      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         134918      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2369594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090310                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.495224                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1986160                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        80799                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          261325                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        41145                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        34794                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1545445                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1293                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        41145                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1988647                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          6336                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        68463                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          258967                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         6030                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1535626                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2145775                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7136662                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7136662                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1759222                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         386553                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           22241                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       145478                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        74064                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          856                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        16802                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1497192                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          367                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1424333                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1994                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203549                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432229                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2369594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1767497     74.59%     74.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273736     11.55%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112082      4.73%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63554      2.68%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84683      3.57%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27023      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26314      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13600      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1105      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2369594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10023     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1407     11.06%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1293     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1200021     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19267      1.35%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131136      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73735      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1424333                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.557677                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12723                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5232977                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1701128                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1384936                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1437056                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1098                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31135                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1440                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        41145                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          4734                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          662                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1497560                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          968                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145478                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74064                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          590                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12742                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13060                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        25802                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1398019                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128348                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26314                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             202057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         197030                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            73709                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.547374                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1384974                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1384936                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          829377                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2230712                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.542252                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371799                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1023308                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1260870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236695                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        22675                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2328449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1794443     77.07%     77.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270988     11.64%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98296      4.22%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48557      2.09%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44668      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18885      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18730      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8914      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24968      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2328449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1023308                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1260870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               186967                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              114343                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           182736                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1135200                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        26023                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        24968                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3801033                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3036280                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 32364                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                184451                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1023308                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1260870                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1023308                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.495871                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.495871                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.400662                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.400662                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6287851                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1937678                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1427092                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4508                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32741.117711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           570818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          15.327676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1515.342859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.697050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    76.185138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.069276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   274.841313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.773487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    78.363522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.247703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   122.418203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.774637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    74.380143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    11.803559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    66.726599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    17.498784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   277.240658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    21.808930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    75.442334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.890797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   103.086718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    11.670100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    66.048983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.640047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   105.277004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.890468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   102.930067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.773942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    75.388420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    17.485888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   285.510425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.692700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    76.428261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    11.826634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    64.051798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1356.503551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2705.507799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1670.032839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          2228.324800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1780.678646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1092.749299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2691.244763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1375.930494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2049.719668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1135.578325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          2068.371009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2055.118949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1680.275401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2673.399151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1354.600532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1125.876039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.046245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.002325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.008387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.003736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.008461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.003146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.003213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.003141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.008713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.001955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.041397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.082566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.050965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.068003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.054342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.033348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.082130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.041990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.062552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.034655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.063122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.062717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.051278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.081586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.041339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.034359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2943                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2943                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          514                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          518                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          295                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          297                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          320                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          252                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 193                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          612                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          268                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          217                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          224                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          217                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          634                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4492                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4610918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     22481180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4169088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     82490862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2114551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     27591999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2348410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     40227744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2080713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25420390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4145763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20648351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3510390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     82803784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4132536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22011410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2326453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32911039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3921595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20519459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2003965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     34105513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2265961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32415801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2226462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     25991612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3644172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     86500522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4485899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22792839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4081806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19186424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       650167611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9469750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       145964                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       159725                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9438416                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9679496                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      28893351                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4610918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     22481180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4169088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91960612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2114551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     27737963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2348410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     40227744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2080713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25580115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4145763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20648351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3510390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     92242200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4132536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22011410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2326453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32911039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3921595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20519459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2003965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     34105513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2265961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32415801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2226462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     25991612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3644172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     96180018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4485899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22792839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4081806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19186424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        679060962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4610918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     22481180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4169088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91960612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2114551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     27737963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2348410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     40227744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2080713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25580115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4145763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20648351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3510390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     92242200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4132536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22011410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2326453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32911039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3921595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20519459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2003965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     34105513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2265961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32415801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2226462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     25991612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3644172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     96180018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4485899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22792839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4081806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19186424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       679060962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2943                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2943                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               219                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.371571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.517013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.369388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.338710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.516886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.367500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.341902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.431599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.533209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.379052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.326478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.443105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.955882                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.953846                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.955224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.881279                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.368812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.543517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.370672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.340040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.541998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.340153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.431599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.558099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.376238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.323980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.452777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.368812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.543517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.370672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.340040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.541998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.340153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.431599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.558099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.376238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.323980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.452777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153697.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150880.402685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       148896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150805.963437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151039.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152441.983425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156560.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150103.522388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148622.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151311.845238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159452.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152950.748148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 146266.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150279.099819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153056.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149737.482993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155096.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151663.774194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156863.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 154281.646617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154151.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152256.754464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151064.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149381.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       159033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150240.531792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151840.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151755.301754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149529.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149952.888158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156992.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151074.204724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151236.941382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 145688.461538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       145964                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       159725                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152232.516129                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151242.125000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149706.481865                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153697.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150880.402685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       148896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150262.437908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151039.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152406.390110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156560.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150103.522388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148622.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151361.627219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159452.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152950.748148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 146266.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150476.672104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153056.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149737.482993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155096.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151663.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156863.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 154281.646617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154151.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152256.754464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151064.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149381.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       159033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150240.531792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151840.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151703.498423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149529.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149952.888158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156992.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151074.204724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151171.184773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153697.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150880.402685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       148896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150262.437908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151039.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152406.390110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156560.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150103.522388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148622.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151361.627219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159452.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152950.748148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 146266.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150476.672104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153056.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149737.482993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155096.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151663.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156863.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 154281.646617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154151.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152256.754464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151064.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149381.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       159033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150240.531792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151840.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151703.498423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149529.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149952.888158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156992.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151074.204724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151171.184773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2866594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13806347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2536932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     50659840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1302495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     17051823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1473097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     24620507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1266607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15642023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2633714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12787800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2115319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     50735136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2562263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     13447927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1456569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     20272603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2467442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     12777783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1249550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21056634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1395070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19781010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1414027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15918310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2247271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     53325104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2739577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     13945437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2571336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11791074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    399917221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5683350                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        88028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       101789                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5821491                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5949855                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17644513                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2866594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13806347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2536932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     56343190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1302495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     17139851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1473097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     24620507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1266607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15743812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2633714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12787800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2115319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     56556627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2562263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     13447927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1456569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     20272603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2467442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     12777783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1249550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21056634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1395070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19781010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1414027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15918310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2247271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     59274959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2739577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     13945437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2571336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11791074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    417561734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2866594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13806347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2536932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     56343190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1302495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     17139851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1473097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     24620507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1266607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15743812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2633714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12787800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2115319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     56556627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2562263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     13447927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1456569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     20272603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2467442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     12777783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1249550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21056634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1395070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19781010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1414027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15918310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2247271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     59274959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2739577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     13945437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2571336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11791074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    417561734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.371571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.517013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.369388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.338710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.516886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.367500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.341902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.431599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.533209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.379052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.326478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.443105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.955882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.953846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.955224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.368812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.543517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.370672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.340040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.541998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.340153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.431599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.558099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.376238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.323980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.452777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.368812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.543517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.370672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.340040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.541998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.340153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.431599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.558099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.376238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.323980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.452777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95553.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92660.046980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90604.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92613.967093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93035.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94208.966851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98206.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91867.563433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90471.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93107.279762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101296.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94724.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 88138.291667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92078.286751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94898.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91482.496599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97104.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93422.133641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98697.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96073.556391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96119.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94002.830357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93004.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91156.728111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101001.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92013.352601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93636.291667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93552.814035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91319.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91746.296053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98897.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92843.102362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93025.638753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87436.153846                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        88028                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       101789                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93895.016129                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92966.484375                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91422.347150                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95553.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92660.046980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90604.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92064.035948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93035.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94175.005495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98206.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91867.563433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90471.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93158.650888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101296.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94724.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 88138.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92262.034258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94898.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91482.496599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97104.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93422.133641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98697.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96073.556391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96119.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94002.830357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93004.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91156.728111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101001.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92013.352601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93636.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93493.626183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91319.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91746.296053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98897.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92843.102362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92956.752894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95553.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92660.046980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90604.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92064.035948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93035.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94175.005495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98206.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91867.563433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90471.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93158.650888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101296.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94724.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 88138.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92262.034258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94898.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91482.496599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97104.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93422.133641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98697.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96073.556391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96119.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94002.830357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93004.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91156.728111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101001.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92013.352601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93636.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93493.626183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91319.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91746.296053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98897.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92843.102362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92956.752894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              499.955438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479552.355030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.955438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.039993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7256460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7256460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7256460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7256460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7256460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7256460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 190959.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190959.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 190959.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190959.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 190959.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190959.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6195810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6195810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6195810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6195810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6195810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6195810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 193619.062500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193619.062500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 193619.062500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193619.062500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 193619.062500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193619.062500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             171700.815152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.747748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.252252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.561515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.438485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    151877164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151877164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1293738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1293738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    153170902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    153170902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    153170902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    153170902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122284.351047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122284.351047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 80858.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80858.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121757.473768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121757.473768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121757.473768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121757.473768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          854                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          854                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     41991769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41991769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       221563                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       221563                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     42213332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42213332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     42213332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42213332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104717.628429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104717.628429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73854.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73854.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104488.445545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104488.445545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104488.445545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104488.445545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              509.522199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              753891374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1452584.535645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.522199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.031286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         120237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        120237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5591340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5591340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5591340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5591340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5591340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5591340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       120273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       120273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       155315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       155315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       155315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       155315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       155315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       155315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4563466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4563466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4563466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4563466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4563466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4563466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157360.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157360.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157360.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157360.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157360.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157360.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1126                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125625776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             90901.429812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   189.541293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    66.458707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.740396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.259604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        90857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         90857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        73041                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73041                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       163898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         163898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       163898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        163898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2974                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    324595333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    324595333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     87172089                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87172089                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    411767422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    411767422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    411767422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    411767422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        93329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        73543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       166872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       166872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       166872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       166872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.026487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006826                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006826                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 131308.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131308.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 173649.579681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173649.579681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 138455.757229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138455.757229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 138455.757229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138455.757229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1848                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1848                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    124628642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124628642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10440617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10440617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    135069259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    135069259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    135069259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    135069259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117796.448015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117796.448015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153538.485294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153538.485294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119954.936945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119954.936945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119954.936945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119954.936945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.772627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              750707656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1513523.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.772627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       123926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       123926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         123926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       123926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        123926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2868407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2868407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2868407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2868407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2868407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2868407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       123945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       123945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       123945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       123945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       123945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150968.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150968.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150968.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150968.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150968.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150968.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2336239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2336239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2336239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2336239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2336239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2336239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166874.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166874.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166874.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166874.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166874.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166874.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              118289784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             158353.124498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   160.777094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    95.222906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.628036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.371964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        85733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        71657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       157390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         157390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       157390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        157390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    207216295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    207216295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9388362                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9388362                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    216604657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    216604657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    216604657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    216604657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        87399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        71725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       159124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       159124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.019062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000948                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000948                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124379.528812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124379.528812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 138064.147059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 138064.147059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124916.180507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124916.180507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124916.180507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124916.180507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          174                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             174                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     50920117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50920117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       163464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       163464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     51083581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51083581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     51083581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51083581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103918.606122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103918.606122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       163464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       163464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104039.879837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104039.879837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104039.879837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104039.879837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              557.246859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              769307083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1378686.528674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.246859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.022832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       122366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       122366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         122366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       122366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        122366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2994483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2994483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2994483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2994483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2994483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2994483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       122384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       122384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       122384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       122384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       122384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166360.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166360.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166360.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166360.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166360.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166360.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2510952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2510952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2510952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2510952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2510952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2510952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 167396.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167396.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 167396.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167396.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 167396.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167396.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  756                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              289563925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             286130.360672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   101.072324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   154.927676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.394814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.605186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       313345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       171125                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       171125                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       484470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         484470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       484470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        484470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    295028697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    295028697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    295028697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    295028697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    295028697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    295028697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       316007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       316007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       171125                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       171125                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       487132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       487132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       487132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       487132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110829.713373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110829.713373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110829.713373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110829.713373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110829.713373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110829.713373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     77169265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77169265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     77169265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77169265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     77169265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77169265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102075.747354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102075.747354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102075.747354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102075.747354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102075.747354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102075.747354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              495.773824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750707798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1513523.786290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.773824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.022073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         124068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        124068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2822484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2822484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2822484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2822484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2822484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2822484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       124087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       124087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148551.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148551.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148551.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148551.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148551.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148551.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2254442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2254442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2254442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2254442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2254442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2254442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161031.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161031.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161031.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161031.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161031.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161031.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  497                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              118290374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             157092.130146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   161.622082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    94.377918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.631336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.368664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        86030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        71945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         157975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        157975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    206803235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    206803235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8069045                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8069045                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    214872280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    214872280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    214872280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    214872280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        87721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        72013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.019277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122296.413365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122296.413365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118662.426471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118662.426471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122155.929505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122155.929505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122155.929505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122155.929505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     49526354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49526354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       168025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       168025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     49694379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49694379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     49694379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49694379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99851.520161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99851.520161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       168025                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       168025                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99988.690141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99988.690141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99988.690141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99988.690141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              467.047087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              753574984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1560196.654244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.047087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.019306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         125643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        125643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6443357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6443357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6443357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6443357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6443357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6443357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       125681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       125681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169562.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169562.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169562.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169562.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169562.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169562.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4966340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4966340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4966340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4966340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4966340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4966340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 177369.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177369.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 177369.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177369.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 177369.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177369.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              109420395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             168598.451464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   141.517928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   114.482072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.552804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.447196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        98183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        72118                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72118                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       170301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         170301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       170301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        170301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    110570515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110570515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1143168                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1143168                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    111713683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    111713683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    111713683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    111713683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        99181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        72130                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72130                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       171311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       171311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110792.099198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110792.099198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        95264                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        95264                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110607.606931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110607.606931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110607.606931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110607.606931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     39923880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39923880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       224497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       224497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     40148377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40148377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     40148377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40148377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102368.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102368.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 74832.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74832.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102158.720102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102158.720102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102158.720102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102158.720102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              507.952374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              753891364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1463866.726214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    17.952374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.028770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       120227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       120227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         120227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       120227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        120227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4711859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4711859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4711859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4711859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4711859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4711859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       120255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       120255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       120255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       120255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       120255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168280.678571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168280.678571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168280.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168280.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168280.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168280.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4010874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4010874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4010874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4010874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4010874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4010874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160434.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160434.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160434.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160434.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160434.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160434.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 1131                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              125626173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             90574.025234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   189.957327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    66.042673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.742021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.257979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        91081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         91081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        73212                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73212                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       164293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         164293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       164293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        164293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          481                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          481                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    324966774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    324966774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     85580419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85580419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    410547193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    410547193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    410547193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    410547193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        93585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        73693                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73693                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       167278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       167278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 129779.063099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129779.063099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 177921.869023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177921.869023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 137536.748074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 137536.748074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 137536.748074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 137536.748074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          513                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             513                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1854                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1854                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    125207022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125207022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10235458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10235458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    135442480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    135442480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    135442480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    135442480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117454.992495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117454.992495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 157468.584615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157468.584615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119754.624226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119754.624226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119754.624226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119754.624226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              498.068027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750133144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1488359.412698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.068027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.036968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         125180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        125180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6277124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6277124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6277124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6277124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6277124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6277124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       125215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       125215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179346.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179346.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179346.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179346.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179346.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179346.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5297786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5297786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5297786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5297786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5297786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5297786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182682.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182682.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182682.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182682.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182682.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182682.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              113322609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             171961.470410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   143.867255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   112.132745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.561981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.438019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        84906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        70545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       155451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         155451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       155451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        155451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    151469865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151469865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1161740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1161740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152631605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    152631605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152631605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    152631605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        86159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        70559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       156718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       156718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.014543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120885.766161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120885.766161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82981.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82981.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120466.933702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120466.933702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120466.933702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120466.933702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     41093287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41093287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       194138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       194138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     41287425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41287425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     41287425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41287425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102733.217500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102733.217500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64712.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64712.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102450.186104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102450.186104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102450.186104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102450.186104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              539.889917                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              647141730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1196195.434381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.889917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         124658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        124658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2864934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2864934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2864934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2864934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2864934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2864934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       124675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       124675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168525.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168525.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168525.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168525.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168525.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168525.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2525348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2525348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2525348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2525348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2525348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2525348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168356.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168356.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168356.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168356.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168356.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168356.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              151389744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             196100.704663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   132.193448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   123.806552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.516381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.483619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       177547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       212956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         212956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       212956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        212956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    212920327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    212920327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    212920327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    212920327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    212920327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    212920327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       179426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       214835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       214835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113315.767429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113315.767429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113315.767429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113315.767429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113315.767429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113315.767429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1363                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1363                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     55284753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55284753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     55284753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55284753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     55284753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55284753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107140.994186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107140.994186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107140.994186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107140.994186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107140.994186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107140.994186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              466.912180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              753574925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1563433.454357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    11.912180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.019090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         125584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        125584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5498882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5498882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5498882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5498882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5498882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5498882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       125619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       125619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157110.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157110.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157110.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157110.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157110.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157110.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4527427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4527427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4527427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4527427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4527427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4527427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167682.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167682.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167682.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167682.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167682.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167682.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              109420483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             169119.757342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   141.423812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   114.576188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.552437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.447563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        98289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        72095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       170384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         170384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       170384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        170384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    111882655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111882655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       836905                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       836905                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    112719560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    112719560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    112719560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    112719560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        99291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72102                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72102                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       171393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       171393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111659.336327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111659.336327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119557.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119557.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111714.132805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111714.132805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111714.132805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111714.132805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     40067790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40067790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       191540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       191540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     40259330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40259330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     40259330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40259330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103002.030848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103002.030848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        95770                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        95770                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102965.038363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102965.038363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102965.038363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102965.038363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              538.639276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              647141573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1200633.716141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.639276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.020255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.863204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         124501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        124501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2541127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2541127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2541127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2541127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2541127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2541127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       124516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       124516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169408.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169408.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169408.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169408.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169408.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169408.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2183653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2183653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2183653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2183653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2183653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2183653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167973.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167973.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167973.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167973.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167973.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167973.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  519                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              151390135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             195342.109677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   134.004125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   121.995875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.523454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.476546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       177874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       213343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         213343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       213343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        213343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    214875857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214875857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    214875857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    214875857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    214875857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    214875857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       179752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        35469                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35469                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       215221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       215221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       215221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       215221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114417.389244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114417.389244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114417.389244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114417.389244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114417.389244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114417.389244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     56490224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56490224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     56490224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56490224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     56490224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56490224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108844.362235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108844.362235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108844.362235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108844.362235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108844.362235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108844.362235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              539.889568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              647141748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1196195.467652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.889568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       124676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       124676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         124676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       124676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        124676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2841258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2841258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2841258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2841258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2841258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2841258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       124693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       124693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       124693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       124693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       124693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167132.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167132.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167132.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167132.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167132.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167132.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2497896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2497896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2497896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2497896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2497896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2497896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166526.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166526.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166526.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166526.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166526.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166526.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151389657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             196609.944156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   132.083004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   123.916996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.515949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.484051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       177460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       212869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         212869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       212869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        212869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    212063424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    212063424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    212063424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    212063424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    212063424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    212063424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       179335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       214744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       214744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113100.492800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113100.492800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113100.492800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113100.492800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113100.492800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113100.492800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1361                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1361                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     55220801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55220801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     55220801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55220801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     55220801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55220801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107433.464981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107433.464981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107433.464981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107433.464981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107433.464981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107433.464981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              495.773018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750707743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1513523.675403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.773018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.022072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         124013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        124013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3247257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3247257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3247257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3247257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3247257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3247257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       124032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       124032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170908.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170908.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170908.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170908.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170908.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170908.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2539901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2539901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2539901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2539901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2539901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2539901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 181421.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181421.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 181421.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181421.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 181421.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181421.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              118290293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             157930.965287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   160.827779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    95.172221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.628234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.371766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        86006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        71893                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71893                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       157899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         157899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       157899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        157899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    205275234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    205275234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7114587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7114587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    212389821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    212389821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    212389821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    212389821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        87696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       159657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       159657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121464.635503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121464.635503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104626.279412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104626.279412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120813.322526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120813.322526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120813.322526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120813.322526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     49855511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49855511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     49855511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49855511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     49855511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49855511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101126.797160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101126.797160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101126.797160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101126.797160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101126.797160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101126.797160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              507.938431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753891207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1463866.421359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    17.938431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.028747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         120070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        120070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4900124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4900124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4900124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4900124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4900124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4900124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       120102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       120102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153128.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153128.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153128.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153128.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153128.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153128.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4035523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4035523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4035523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4035523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4035523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4035523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161420.920000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161420.920000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161420.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161420.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161420.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161420.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 1136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              125625718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             90248.360632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   189.844478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    66.155522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.741580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.258420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        90923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         90923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        72917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       163840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         163840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       163840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        163840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         3032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         3032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    339186736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    339186736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     87061928                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87061928                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    426248664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    426248664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    426248664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    426248664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        93462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        73410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       166872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       166872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       166872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       166872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.027166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006716                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006716                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.018170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.018170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 133590.679795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133590.679795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 176596.202840                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176596.202840                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 140583.332454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140583.332454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 140583.332454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140583.332454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1896                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1896                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    128509842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128509842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10473324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10473324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    138983166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    138983166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    138983166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    138983166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000913                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000913                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120215.006548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120215.006548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 156318.268657                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156318.268657                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122344.336268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122344.336268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122344.336268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122344.336268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              499.951072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750132908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1479552.086785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.951072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.039986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         124944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        124944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6529308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6529308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6529308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6529308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6529308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6529308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       124984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       124984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163232.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163232.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163232.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163232.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163232.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163232.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5423325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5423325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5423325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5423325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5423325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5423325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169478.906250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169478.906250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169478.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169478.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169478.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169478.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              113322850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             171701.287879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   143.461451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   112.538549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.560396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.439604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        85069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        70623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       155692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         155692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       155692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        155692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    152633735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152633735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1456803                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1456803                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    154090538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    154090538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    154090538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    154090538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        86333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70641                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70641                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       156974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       156974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120754.537184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120754.537184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 80933.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80933.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120195.427457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120195.427457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120195.427457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120195.427457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          878                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          878                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     41867281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41867281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       209098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       209098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     42076379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42076379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     42076379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42076379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104407.184539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104407.184539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 69699.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69699.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104149.452970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104149.452970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104149.452970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104149.452970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              467.073093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753575026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1560196.741201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.073093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.019348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         125685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        125685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5928849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5928849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5928849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5928849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5928849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5928849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       125721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       125721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       125721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       125721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       125721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164690.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164690.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164690.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164690.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164690.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164690.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4748423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4748423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4748423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4748423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4748423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4748423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169586.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169586.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169586.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169586.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169586.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169586.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  392                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              109420778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             168859.225309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   141.486233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   114.513767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.552681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.447319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        98434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        72253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       170687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         170687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       170687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        170687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    107518844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107518844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1055999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1055999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    108574843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    108574843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    108574843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    108574843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        99429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        72265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       171694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       171694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108059.139698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108059.139698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 87999.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87999.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107820.102284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107820.102284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107820.102284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107820.102284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     38735374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38735374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       208376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     38943750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38943750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     38943750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38943750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99576.796915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99576.796915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69458.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69458.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99346.301020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99346.301020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99346.301020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99346.301020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
