
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010637                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10637222559                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536824207323                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 282700                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   353689                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 184655                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67742504                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 57605.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16285195389                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20374520362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       387584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       367872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       142464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       386304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       142976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       142464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       388608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       366080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       142592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       388736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       208384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       387328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       366464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4216832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1074048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1074048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3028                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 32944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       373030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     36436579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     34583464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       481329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13392970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       360996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     36316247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13441103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       481329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13392970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       457262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       397096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     36532845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       397096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     34414999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       481329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13405003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     36544878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     19590076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       385063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     36412513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     34451098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               396422278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       373030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       481329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       360996                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       481329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       457262                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       397096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       397096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       481329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       385063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6858933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         100970718                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              100970718                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         100970718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       373030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     36436579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     34583464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       481329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13392970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       360996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     36316247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13441103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       481329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13392970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       457262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       397096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     36532845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       397096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     34414999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       481329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13405003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     36544878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     19590076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       385063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     36412513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     34451098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              497392996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2211622                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841424                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202656                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847407                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808463                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237787                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19232863                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12130624                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2211622                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1046250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2528649                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        565847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1755397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1196066                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21354364     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154881      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         195427      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         310270      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130585      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168465      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         195448      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          89908      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1283665      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475544                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19124417                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1879717                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2516605                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336386                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14830321                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19144232                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         61943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1763147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2497970                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54664                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14739222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        38085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20581365                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68540416                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68540416                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3393315                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          192865                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721248                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387047                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13791889                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18039416     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664970     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089735      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610477      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827803      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254954      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250300      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134628      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10730      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94433     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13036     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12357     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11617700     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188562      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265188      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718734      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13791889                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.540669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119826                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51600247                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16158034                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429420                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13911715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390638                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721248                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5377                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119011                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114386                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549188                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243424                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1962057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915317                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718633                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.531155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13429520                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13429420                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8047623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21620823                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.526460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       204168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18304442     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645178     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960518      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477738      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437309      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183321      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181962      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86621      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244871      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       244871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37667695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29142443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                294184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1625915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.550892                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.550892                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60962574                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18765449                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13711931                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1751142                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1579745                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93641                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       657745                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         623087                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4076                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18570502                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11011330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1751142                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       719347                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2176209                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        295905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2368789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1067261                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93889                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23315468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.554163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.858040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21139259     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          77201      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         157794      0.68%     91.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          67542      0.29%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         360478      1.55%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         322415      1.38%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          62113      0.27%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         130838      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         997828      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23315468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068648                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.431666                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       18373788                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2566924                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2168226                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         6791                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       199734                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       153910                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          234                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12912128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1446                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       199734                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       18399317                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2365632                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       116884                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2152361                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        81535                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12904438                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        40780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        27871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          232                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     15156854                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     60772759                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     60772759                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     13399055                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        1757791                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1511                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          773                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          194902                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3043121                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1537346                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14185                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        74542                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12876904                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1514                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12361330                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7525                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1023708                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2472915                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           28                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23315468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18880008     80.98%     80.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1351315      5.80%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1096747      4.70%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       472702      2.03%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       592578      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       561474      2.41%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319569      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25281      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15794      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23315468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31069     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       238000     86.23%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6931      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7755597     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107889      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          738      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2963893     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1533213     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12361330                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.484588                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276000                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022328                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48321653                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13902464                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12254032                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12637330                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22317                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122766                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          339                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10569                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1087                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       199734                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2303739                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        24347                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12878431                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          123                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3043121                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1537346                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15023                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          339                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53752                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55676                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       109428                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12274175                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2954071                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            4487125                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1607325                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1533054                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.481172                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12254413                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12254032                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6621217                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        13079157                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.480382                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506242                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9946148                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11687999                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1191815                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        95460                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23115734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18861543     81.60%     81.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1564662      6.77%     88.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729151      3.15%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       717892      3.11%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       198388      0.86%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       821730      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62134      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45519      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       114715      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23115734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9946148                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11687999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              4447129                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             2920352                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1542788                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10393851                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       113075                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       114715                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           35880807                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          25959409                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                400424                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2193460                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9946148                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11687999                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9946148                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.564704                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.564704                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.389909                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.389909                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       60676019                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      14234703                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15365694                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1790272                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1464324                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177164                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       761880                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         704710                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183747                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17376717                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10152929                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1790272                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       888457                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2126591                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        514475                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       871621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1070424                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178027                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     20708393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       18581802     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         115450      0.56%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         180848      0.87%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         287697      1.39%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         121081      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         136234      0.66%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         142808      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          94111      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1048362      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     20708393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.070182                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.398015                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       17213239                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1036801                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2119851                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         5329                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       333171                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       293065                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          268                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12397821                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1590                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       333171                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       17239394                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        246956                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       713168                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2099526                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        76176                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12387959                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents         3265                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        21317                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        28027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5174                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     17195133                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     57620330                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     57620330                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     14652734                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2542395                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3214                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1794                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          227666                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1184136                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       635351                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       144090                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12369066                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3222                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        11701029                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15864                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1578898                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3525914                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          364                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20708393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15771714     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1983313      9.58%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1083045      5.23%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       738960      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       690022      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198507      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153784      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52965      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36083      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20708393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2779     12.85%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8249     38.14%     50.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10602     49.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9801618     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184696      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1417      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1082785      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       630513      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     11701029                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.458703                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21630                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001849                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44147945                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13951341                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11510165                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     11722659                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34786                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217155                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20493                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          754                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       333171                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        172586                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10904                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12372309                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3079                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1184136                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       635351                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1794                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8159                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102488                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101682                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       204170                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11532670                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1017762                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168359                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1647921                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1622560                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           630159                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.452103                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11510379                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11510165                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6731486                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        17580305                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.451221                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382899                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8606771                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     10549479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1822865                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2858                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       180658                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20375222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16090480     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2075085     10.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       808713      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       435864      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       325097      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181830      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112629      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100128      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245396      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20375222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8606771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     10549479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1581838                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              966980                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1426                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1514201                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         9505980                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       214319                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       245396                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           32502118                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          25077895                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                283314                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               4800535                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8606771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            10549479                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8606771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.963821                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.963821                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.337402                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.337402                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       52005026                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      15957766                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      11562291                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         2856                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1978926                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1619167                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194936                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       808680                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776222                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204120                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8876                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19052563                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11069734                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1978926                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       980342                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2308796                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        533759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       986830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1167016                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194913                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     22685206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20376410     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         107006      0.47%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         170674      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         230673      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         237542      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         201754      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         112911      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         167779      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1080457      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     22685206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077578                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.433955                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18859439                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1182613                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2304435                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2670                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       336048                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       325540                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13582136                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1526                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       336048                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18911119                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        157274                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       906214                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2256020                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       118528                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13576527                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        16824                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        51202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     18942837                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     63158129                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     63158129                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16394854                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2547983                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1739                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          357006                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1271409                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       687804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8015                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       220781                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13560136                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12869022                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1919                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1515896                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3632441                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22685206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17197993     75.81%     75.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2290993     10.10%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1148831      5.06%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       838591      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       664926      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271318      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171412      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89308      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11834      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22685206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2653     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7859     36.91%     49.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10778     50.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10824456     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192062      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1611      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1165384      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       685509      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12869022                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.504491                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21290                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001654                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48446459                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15079453                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12673860                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12890312                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       206199                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10154                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       336048                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        129492                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11494                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13563516                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          606                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1271409                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       687804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9699                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       112902                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109939                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       222841                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12689740                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1096451                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1781906                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1802248                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           685455                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.497463                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12673980                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12673860                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7275798                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        19613522                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.496840                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370958                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9557216                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11760557                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1802961                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3247                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       197151                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22349158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17486113     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2429243     10.87%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       900365      4.03%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430451      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       384467      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209422      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       167917      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82689      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258491      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22349158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9557216                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11760557                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1742860                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1065210                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1620                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1696003                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10596137                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       242263                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       258491                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35654120                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          27463102                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                290222                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2823722                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9557216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11760557                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9557216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.669075                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.669075                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374662                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374662                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       57112532                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17653399                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12589701                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1746193                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1575194                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93040                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       647763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         620800                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          95921                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4080                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18514973                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10980746                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1746193                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       716721                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2170201                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        294055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2373708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1063839                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93317                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23257610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21087409     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          77215      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         157718      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          67186      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         359172      1.54%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         321863      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          61563      0.26%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         130295      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         995189      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23257610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068454                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430467                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18324108                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2565980                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2162169                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         6855                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       198493                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       153551                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12874765                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1451                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       198493                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18348935                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2370881                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       110413                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2146736                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        82147                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12867077                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           37                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        41950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        27360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          486                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     15114018                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     60597385                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     60597385                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     13365366                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1748647                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1502                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          765                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          192409                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3034019                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1533142                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14163                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        74787                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12839951                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1507                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12327747                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7087                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1017209                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2453116                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23257610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18832487     80.97%     80.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1348425      5.80%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1095130      4.71%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       471925      2.03%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       590725      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       559825      2.41%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       318108      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25266      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15719      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23257610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30979     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237135     86.22%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6929      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7734478     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107727      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          737      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2955644     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1529161     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12327747                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.483272                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275043                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022311                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48195234                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13859010                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12221813                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12602790                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22478                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       121408                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10389                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1085                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       198493                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2308751                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23034                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12841465                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3034019                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1533142                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14187                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53008                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55619                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       108627                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12241630                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2946221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86117                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            4475218                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1603198                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1528997                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.479896                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12222203                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12221813                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6605055                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        13044270                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.479119                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506357                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9920779                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11658164                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1184701                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        94846                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23059117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18815341     81.60%     81.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1561537      6.77%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       727568      3.16%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       715959      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       197221      0.86%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       819180      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62044      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45570      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       114697      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23059117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9920779                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11658164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              4435361                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             2912608                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1538853                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10367328                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       112791                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       114697                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           35787259                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          25884267                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                399055                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2251318                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9920779                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11658164                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9920779                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.571263                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.571263                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.388914                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.388914                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       60516841                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      14197377                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15323821                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1980812                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1620480                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195040                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       809443                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         777214                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204509                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8896                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19070867                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11079407                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1980812                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       981723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2310591                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        533373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       991679                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2199                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1168021                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195117                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     22711159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20400568     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         107085      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         170322      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         231321      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         237450      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         201891      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         113158      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         168879      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1080485      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     22711159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077652                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.434334                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       18879700                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1187030                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2306169                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2707                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       335552                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       326061                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13593049                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       335552                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       18931245                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        163071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       905103                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2257910                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       118275                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13587187                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        16984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        50987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18961138                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     63207647                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     63207647                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16416537                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2544588                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3357                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1742                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          355409                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1271744                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       688889                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8043                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       221171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13570478                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3370                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12882184                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1924                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1510830                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3620871                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          115                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22711159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17217081     75.81%     75.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2293464     10.10%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1151742      5.07%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840016      3.70%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       664594      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271693      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171451      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89303      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11815      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22711159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2644     12.39%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7876     36.92%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10812     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10834173     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192368      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1167358      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       686672      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12882184                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.505007                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21332                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48498777                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15084742                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12686960                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12903516                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25844                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       205156                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10345                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       335552                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        135039                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11633                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13573869                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1271744                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       688889                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1744                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113106                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109983                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       223089                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12703030                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1098129                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1784746                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1804852                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           686617                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.497984                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12687073                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12686960                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7282726                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        19627984                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.497354                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371038                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9569916                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11776061                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1797805                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       197260                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22375607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17506441     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2432053     10.87%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       901991      4.03%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430745      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       384663      1.72%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209653      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168401      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82812      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258848      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22375607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9569916                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11776061                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1745121                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1066588                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1698189                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10610133                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       242573                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       258848                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35690560                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27483324                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                290393                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2797769                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9569916                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11776061                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9569916                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.665533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.665533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.375159                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.375159                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       57171461                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17672781                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12601707                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1977686                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1618165                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194829                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       808155                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         775714                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203983                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8870                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19041039                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11063132                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1977686                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       979697                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2307377                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        533465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       985504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1166315                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194805                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     22670749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20363372     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         106943      0.47%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         170559      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         230522      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         237379      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         201624      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         112851      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         167678      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1079821      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     22670749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077529                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.433696                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       18847906                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1181294                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2303012                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2675                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       335861                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       325331                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13573944                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1526                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       335861                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       18899557                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        155911                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       906301                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2254629                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       118487                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13568322                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        16845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        51166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     18931553                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     63120040                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     63120040                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16384970                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2546583                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1739                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          356861                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1270624                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       687375                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8007                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       220685                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13551940                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12861199                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1919                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1515039                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3630553                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22670749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17186827     75.81%     75.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2289656     10.10%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1148139      5.06%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       838075      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       664519      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271145      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171305      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89255      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11828      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22670749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2657     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7852     36.90%     49.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10770     50.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10817903     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       191949      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1610      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1164657      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       685080      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12861199                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.504184                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21279                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48416345                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15070400                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12666139                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12882478                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26118                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       206088                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10150                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       335861                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        128081                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11534                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13555320                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          606                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1270624                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       687375                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9732                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       112829                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109884                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       222713                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12682017                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1095764                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179182                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1780790                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1801105                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           685026                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.497160                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12666264                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12666139                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7271443                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        19601752                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.496537                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.370959                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9551444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11753359                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1801963                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3247                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       197044                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22334888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17474716     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2427849     10.87%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       899830      4.03%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430173      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       384266      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209299      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       167809      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82650      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258296      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22334888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9551444                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11753359                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1741761                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1064536                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1620                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1694932                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10589652                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       242102                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       258296                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35631849                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27446523                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                290045                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2838179                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9551444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11753359                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9551444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.670688                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.670688                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.374435                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.374435                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       57077823                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17642814                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12582143                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2211721                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841507                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202661                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847445                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808498                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237798                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19233557                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12131136                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2211721                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1046296                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2528761                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        565864                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1750399                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1196111                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193713                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23878874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21350113     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         154890      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         195437      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         310283      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         130591      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         168472      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         195454      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          89912      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1283722      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23878874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086704                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.475564                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19125145                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1874726                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2516717                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       361065                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       336403                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14830976                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       361065                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19144963                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         61950                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1758149                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2498074                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        54669                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14739875                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         7766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        38089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     20582306                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     68543447                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     68543447                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17188826                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3393480                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          192923                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383597                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       721277                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       164678                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387657                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13792473                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13629                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767379                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23878874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18035035     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665075     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089781      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610506      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827835      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254968      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250309      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134636      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10729      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23878874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94438     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13035     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12357     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11618195     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188570      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265240      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718763      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13792473                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.540692                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119830                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51597279                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16158711                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429996                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13912303                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266212                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       361065                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         47086                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6113                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14391248                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383597                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721277                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5385                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119013                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114389                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       233402                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549765                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243473                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1962135                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1915407                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           718662                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.531177                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13430096                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13429996                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8047969                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        21621761                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.526482                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000450                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322907                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068395                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       204173                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23517809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18300057     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645296     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960566      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477752      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437332      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183330      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181969      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86625      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244882      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23517809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10000450                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12322907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1827635                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1117385                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1786034                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11094755                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       254470                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       244882                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37664151                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29143683                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                294188                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1630054                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10000450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12322907                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10000450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.550778                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.550778                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.392037                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.392037                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60965137                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18766278                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13712505                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2210237                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1839856                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202278                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       846405                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807642                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237714                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9480                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19224918                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12123060                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2210237                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1045356                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2527059                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        564671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1761800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           90                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1195183                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193245                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23879119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21352060     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         155017      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         195395      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         309643      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         130270      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         168322      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         195290      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          90150      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1282972      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23879119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086646                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.475248                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19116310                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1886395                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2514919                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1240                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       360253                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       336575                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14821091                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1637                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       360253                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19136294                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         62002                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1769624                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2496127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        54815                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14729142                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         7802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        38137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     20566626                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     68493966                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     68493966                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17185618                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3381008                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3553                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1847                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          193585                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382803                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       721265                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8045                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       164748                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379793                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13786536                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13727                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1760932                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3605544                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23879119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18036948     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664452     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090041      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610219      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827468      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254709      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       249845      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134638      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10799      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23879119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94370     78.77%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13078     10.92%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12349     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11612557     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188492      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265013      9.18%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718769      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13786536                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.540459                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119797                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008689                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51585715                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16144383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13424967                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13906333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265608                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           92                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11123                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       360253                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         47171                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6135                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383368                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10973                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382803                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721265                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1848                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5392                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           92                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118663                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114245                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       232908                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13544887                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243387                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1962044                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1914985                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           718657                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.530986                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13425057                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13424967                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8044665                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        21611014                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.526285                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372248                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9998634                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12320686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2062735                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       203786                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23518866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18302186     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2644930     11.25%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960167      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477718      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437106      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183328      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181812      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86620      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244999      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23518866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9998634                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12320686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1827337                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1117195                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1785693                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11092786                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       254431                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       244999                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37657210                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29127110                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                293677                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1629809                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9998634                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12320686                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9998634                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.551241                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.551241                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.391966                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.391966                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       60942297                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18758573                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13704244                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1753092                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1581669                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93749                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       651321                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         623222                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96350                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4092                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18584041                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11023660                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1753092                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       719572                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2178561                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        296901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      2366386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1068151                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93993                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23329895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.554472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.858560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21151334     90.66%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          77230      0.33%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         157875      0.68%     91.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          67667      0.29%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         360690      1.55%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         322780      1.38%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          62089      0.27%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         131230      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         999000      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23329895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068725                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.432149                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       18382522                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2569347                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2170584                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         6805                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       200632                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       153941                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12927298                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1451                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       200632                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       18408306                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2370930                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       112149                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2154556                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        83317                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12919828                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        42307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        28019                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          407                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     15180057                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     60845116                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     60845116                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     13409842                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        1770206                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1506                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          197134                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3044658                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1537804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14171                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        75445                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12892548                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1511                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12371375                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7282                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1031223                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2498663                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23329895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18887880     80.96%     80.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1354538      5.81%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1099521      4.71%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       473065      2.03%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       593647      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       560602      2.40%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319377      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25380      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15885      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23329895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31158     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237562     86.17%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6973      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7764264     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108148      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          739      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2964558     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1533666     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12371375                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.484982                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275693                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022285                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48355614                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13925622                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12264242                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12647068                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22230                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       123615                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          341                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10604                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1086                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       200632                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2307693                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        24506                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12894067                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          136                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3044658                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1537804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          767                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14947                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          341                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53632                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55929                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       109561                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12284197                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2954651                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87172                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            4488147                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1608259                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1533496                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.481565                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12264634                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12264242                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6628986                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        13101908                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.480782                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.505956                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9952461                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11695673                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1199825                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1490                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        95554                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23129263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18870995     81.59%     81.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1567330      6.78%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730388      3.16%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       717878      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       198794      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       820620      3.55%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62363      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45681      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       115214      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23129263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9952461                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11695673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              4448243                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             2921043                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               744                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1543913                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10400718                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       113221                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       115214                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           35909521                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          25991676                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                400128                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2179033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9952461                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11695673                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9952461                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.563077                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.563077                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390156                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390156                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60721621                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      14249737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      15379102                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1789270                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1463270                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177974                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       760739                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         705306                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183712                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7949                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17384519                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10149095                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1789270                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       889018                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2126741                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        515250                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       882793                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1071541                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178902                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     20727492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       18600751     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         115590      0.56%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         181792      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         287959      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         120461      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         135858      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         143857      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          93956      0.45%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1047268      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     20727492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070143                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.397864                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       17220986                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1047994                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2119934                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         5428                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       333148                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       293171                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12392911                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1566                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       333148                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       17247122                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        211496                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       756327                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2099691                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        79706                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12383680                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents         2322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        21164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        28105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8671                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17188855                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     57598903                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     57598903                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     14651194                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2537654                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3179                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1761                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          227687                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1183383                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       635455                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19064                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       145021                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12364720                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        11698936                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15580                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1575005                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3512959                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          332                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20727492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15791667     76.19%     76.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1983159      9.57%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1082748      5.22%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       738893      3.56%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689472      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198667      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153867      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52975      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36044      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20727492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2774     12.80%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8285     38.22%     51.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10620     48.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9800170     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184514      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1417      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1082210      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       630625      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     11698936                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.458621                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21679                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001853                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44162622                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13943066                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11507604                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     11720615                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35084                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216508                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20646                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          759                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       333148                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        146199                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10755                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12367932                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3208                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1183383                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       635455                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1762                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7997                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103257                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101760                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       205017                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11530095                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1017584                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1647828                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1622400                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           630244                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.452002                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11507831                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11507604                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6729201                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        17574103                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.451121                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382904                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8605910                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     10548418                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1819554                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2857                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       181462                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20394344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16110933     79.00%     79.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2074309     10.17%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       808568      3.96%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       435309      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       324883      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181788      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112886      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100086      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245582      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20394344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8605910                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     10548418                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1581684                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              966875                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1426                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1514037                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9505043                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       214304                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       245582                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           32516682                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          25069125                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                283863                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               4781436                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8605910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            10548418                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8605910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.964117                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.964117                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.337369                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.337369                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       51992792                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      15954041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      11558408                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         2854                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1977145                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1617544                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194538                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       807332                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         775565                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203975                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8854                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19037809                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11061095                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1977145                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       979540                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2306843                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        532274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1016287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1165787                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194464                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22696161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20389318     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         106891      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         170279      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         231222      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         237046      1.04%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         201003      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         112892      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         167865      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1079645      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22696161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077508                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.433617                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18843521                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1212591                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2302390                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2694                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       334964                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       325404                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          258                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13570691                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1522                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       334964                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18895062                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        161202                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       932612                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2254160                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       118158                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13565282                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        16722                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        51086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     18929778                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     63105854                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     63105854                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16386641                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2543126                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3345                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1731                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          355766                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1269940                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       687761                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7938                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       220903                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13548359                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12860052                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1964                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1510292                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3621149                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          109                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22696161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17212400     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2288771     10.08%     85.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1149563      5.07%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       838238      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       663547      2.92%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271358      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171451      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        88907      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11926      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22696161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2682     12.59%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7850     36.84%     49.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10779     50.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10815801     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       191882      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1611      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1165388      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       685370      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12860052                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.504139                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21311                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48439540                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15062065                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12664783                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12881363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25980                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       205269                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10427                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       334964                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        133270                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11588                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13551740                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          688                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1269940                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       687761                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1734                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9796                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       112578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109711                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       222289                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12680736                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1096205                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179316                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1781513                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1801499                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           685308                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.497110                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12664889                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12664783                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7270140                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        19594536                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.496484                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371029                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9552468                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11754663                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1797091                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3247                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       196753                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22361197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17500703     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2428165     10.86%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       900063      4.03%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       429556      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       384177      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209377      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168185      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82767      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258204      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22361197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9552468                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11754663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1742005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1064671                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1620                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1695130                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10590835                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       242136                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       258204                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35654682                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          27438498                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                289999                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2812767                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9552468                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11754663                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9552468                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.670402                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.670402                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.374475                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.374475                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       57070924                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      17641542                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12580732                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1753799                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1582104                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93723                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       663455                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         624291                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96271                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4063                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18600693                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11026262                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1753799                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       720562                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2179382                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        295840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      2339955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1068830                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93963                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23319883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.554807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.858947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21140501     90.65%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          77511      0.33%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         157834      0.68%     91.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          67576      0.29%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         361237      1.55%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         322927      1.38%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          62401      0.27%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         131037      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         998859      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23319883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068752                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432251                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       18411800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2530293                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2171404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6791                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       199590                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       154162                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12929495                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1455                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       199590                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       18436622                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2335010                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       112980                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2156157                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        79519                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12921975                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        39368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        27210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          476                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     15181030                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     60855142                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     60855142                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     13424012                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1757006                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1509                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          769                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          189903                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3045551                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1538909                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        74976                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12894843                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1512                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12379459                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7139                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1021151                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2469684                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23319883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18877410     80.95%     80.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1352971      5.80%     86.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1098377      4.71%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       474949      2.04%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       593908      2.55%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       561339      2.41%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319803      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25266      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15860      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23319883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31291     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237859     86.14%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6967      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7769452     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108175      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          740      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2966317     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1534775     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12379459                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.485299                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276117                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48362057                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13917845                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12272734                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12655576                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22482                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122205                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          340                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10474                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1087                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       199590                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2276199                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23435                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12896369                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3045551                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1538909                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14455                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          340                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53816                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55698                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       109514                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12292599                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2956719                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86860                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            4491303                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1609984                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1534584                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.481894                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12273139                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12272734                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6632218                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        13102549                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.481115                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506178                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9962204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11707299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190415                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1490                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        95533                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23120293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18859074     81.57%     81.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1567414      6.78%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730844      3.16%     91.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       718241      3.11%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       199257      0.86%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       822222      3.56%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62494      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45604      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       115143      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23120293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9962204                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11707299                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              4451774                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             2923339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               744                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1545523                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10411085                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       113378                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       115143                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           35902838                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          25995063                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                400658                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2189045                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9962204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11707299                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9962204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.560571                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.560571                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390538                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390538                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60763183                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      14259386                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      15384797                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1884182                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1544661                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186186                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       790674                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         734629                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193772                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8442                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18003104                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10709722                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1884182                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       928401                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2354779                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        528747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1657267                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1110113                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184754                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     22354538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       19999759     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         254536      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         295111      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         162783      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         184902      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         103662      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          70985      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         182099      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1100701      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     22354538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073864                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.419842                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       17853958                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1809648                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2334346                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        19173                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       337411                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       305934                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         1978                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13072025                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        10249                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       337411                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       17883537                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        605866                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1122626                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2324791                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        80305                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13062551                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        19885                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        37380                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     18153146                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     60819521                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     60819521                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15493191                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2659955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3452                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          218393                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1251073                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       679801                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17285                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       149995                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13040291                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3463                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12325373                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18020                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1628569                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3768521                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22354538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17161873     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2089010      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1122132      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       776411      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       678273      3.03%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       346706      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85229      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54362      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40542      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22354538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3122     11.69%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11547     43.25%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12029     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10314350     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192351      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1509      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1142859      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       674304      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12325373                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.483179                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26698                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47050002                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14672463                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12116824                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12352071                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31024                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224122                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15344                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          755                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          240                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       337411                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        566395                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13004                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13043780                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1251073                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       679801                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1942                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9051                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107456                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104354                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       211810                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12140668                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072305                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184705                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1746388                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1699019                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           674083                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.475938                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12117134                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12116824                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7201838                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        18858819                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.475003                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381882                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9099038                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11163646                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1880357                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3046                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       187051                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22017127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17455969     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2115453      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       886339      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531930      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       369023      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238804      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123881      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99497      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196231      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22017127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9099038                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11163646                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1691408                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1026951                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1520                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1597811                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10064441                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       227159                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       196231                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           34864834                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          26425433                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                277097                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3154390                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9099038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11163646                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9099038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.803475                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.803475                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.356700                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.356700                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       54769882                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16815226                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12202009                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3042                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1750064                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1578875                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93969                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       664235                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         622578                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96252                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18555461                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11002294                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1750064                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       718830                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2174768                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        297176                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      2319313                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           52                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1066801                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94242                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23250501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.555286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.859701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21075733     90.65%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          77256      0.33%     90.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         157640      0.68%     91.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          67608      0.29%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         360432      1.55%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         321999      1.38%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          62089      0.27%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         130884      0.56%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         996860      4.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23250501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068606                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431312                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       18350497                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      2525741                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2166826                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6762                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       200670                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       153696                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12902288                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1442                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       200670                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       18376560                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2326717                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       112572                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2150637                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        83340                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12894759                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           71                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        41679                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        28285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          657                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     15152298                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     60725997                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     60725997                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     13384174                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        1768106                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1504                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          198211                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      3037850                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      1534362                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14075                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        74640                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12867281                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1508                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12349339                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7174                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1027911                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2483837                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23250501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.531143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18814862     80.92%     80.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1353361      5.82%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1096152      4.71%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       475248      2.04%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       592807      2.55%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       558726      2.40%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       318292      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25104      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15949      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23250501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31120     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       236496     86.13%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6967      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7752586     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108039      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          738      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2957886     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1530090     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12349339                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.484118                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274583                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022235                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48230931                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13897043                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12241987                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12623922                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22215                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       123763                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10737                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1086                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       200670                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2263470                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        24191                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12868802                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          143                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3037850                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1534362                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14403                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53951                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55883                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       109834                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12261971                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2948068                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            4477961                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1605669                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          1529893                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.480693                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12242385                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12241987                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6616442                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        13079772                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.479910                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.505853                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9932014                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11671970                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1198128                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        95790                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23049831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18799690     81.56%     81.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1565408      6.79%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729029      3.16%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       715711      3.11%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       198457      0.86%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       818152      3.55%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62320      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45649      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       115415      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23049831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9932014                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11671970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              4437697                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             2914077                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1540882                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10379718                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       113070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       115415                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           35804488                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          25940920                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                399520                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2258427                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9932014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11671970                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9932014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.568354                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.568354                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.389354                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.389354                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60608312                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      14226586                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      15347655                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1786436                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1460808                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177675                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       761862                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         704180                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183249                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7901                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17366917                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10132880                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1786436                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       887429                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2122523                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        513904                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       853127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1070194                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178576                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     20674959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       18552436     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         114728      0.55%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         181170      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         287793      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         120299      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         135664      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         142999      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          94572      0.46%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1045298      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     20674959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070032                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.397229                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       17202829                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1018954                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2115735                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         5341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       332098                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       292815                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          269                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12371626                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1614                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       332098                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       17228679                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        222684                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       716429                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2095709                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        79358                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12362410                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        21158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        28117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8311                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     17160436                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     57497459                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     57497459                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     14632271                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2528153                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3180                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1765                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          227688                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1180183                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       634592                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19041                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       144258                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12344544                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        11684198                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15678                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1567301                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3484985                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          336                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20674959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15744217     76.15%     76.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1981635      9.58%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1081701      5.23%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       738675      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       687806      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198320      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153825      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52878      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        35902      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20674959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2768     12.80%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8258     38.18%     50.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10601     49.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9788076     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184384      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1415      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1080466      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       629857      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     11684198                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.458043                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21627                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001851                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44080660                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13915183                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11493858                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     11705825                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34579                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       214545                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20588                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          756                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       332098                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        152800                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10754                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12347751                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          138                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1180183                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       634592                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8080                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103096                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101478                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       204574                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11516159                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1016173                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1645674                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1620615                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           629501                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.451456                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             11494071                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            11493858                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6720825                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        17547670                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.450582                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.383004                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8594748                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     10534758                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1813079                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2853                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       181162                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20342861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16063963     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2072528     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       807319      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       434889      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       324812      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       182036      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112387      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100241      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244686      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20342861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8594748                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     10534758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1579639                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              965635                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1424                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1512091                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9492716                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       214024                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       244686                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           32445960                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          25027812                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                283578                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               4833969                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8594748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            10534758                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8594748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.967967                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.967967                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.336931                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.336931                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       51928796                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      15934136                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      11540489                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         2850                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.417097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        62.143782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.417097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    32.845668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   412.018782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1564.135550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.016038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.201181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.763738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2782                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     787166644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      787166644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     787166644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              3654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               3670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              3670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611257908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    709192991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611257908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    709192991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611257908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    709192991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719973.978799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798640.755631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719973.978799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798640.755631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719973.978799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798640.755631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         3059                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.935611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         154693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        30.290386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.538996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.611110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1113.288450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         916.497055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.543598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.447508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  4133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                1257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   4133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4132                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  4133                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                3054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 3060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3029                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                3060                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70770504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2839946652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2910717156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10098589                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10098589                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70770504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2850045241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     2920815745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70770504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2850045241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    2920815745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              7187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            1257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               7193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              7193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.422502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.424934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.422986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.422986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2282919.483871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 939446.461131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953083.548134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1683098.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1683098.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2282919.483871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 940919.524926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954514.949346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2282919.483871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 940919.524926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954514.949346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                544                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     544                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            3060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           3060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68047141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2574577887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2642625028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9571789                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9571789                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68047141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2584149676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2652196817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68047141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2584149676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2652196817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.422502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.422986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.422986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2195069.064516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 851663.211049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865299.616241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1595298.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1595298.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2195069.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 853136.241664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866730.985948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2195069.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 853136.241664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866730.985948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         2909                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.597061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         123140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        24.841638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.222425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.808869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   843.933153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1172.632614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.009184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.412077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.572575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            721                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 721                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3439                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3440                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 2908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2874                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                2908                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41490974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2656512230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2698003204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5702509                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5702509                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41490974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2662214739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     2703705713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41490974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2662214739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    2703705713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              6336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          721                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             721                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               6348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              6348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.455483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.455251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.455251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1220322.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 925614.017422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 929064.464187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1425627.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1425627.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1220322.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 926309.930063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 929747.494154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1220322.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 926309.930063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 929747.494154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                446                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     446                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            2908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           2908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38505774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2404526230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2443032004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5351309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5351309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38505774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2409877539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2448383313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38505774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2409877539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2448383313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.455483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.455251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.455251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1132522.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 837814.017422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841264.464187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1337827.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1337827.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1132522.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 838509.930063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841947.494154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1132522.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 838509.930063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841947.494154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1154                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.544568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         158761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        49.581824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.267881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.355887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   546.595777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1441.325023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.015799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.266892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.703772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  2668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   2683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2681                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  2683                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1114                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1154                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81155192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    917360557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     998515749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81155192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    917360557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      998515749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81155192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    917360557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     998515749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              3822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               3837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              3837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.301936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.300756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.300756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2028879.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 823483.444345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865264.947140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2028879.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 823483.444345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 865264.947140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2028879.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 823483.444345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 865264.947140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                490                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     490                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77641464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    818386195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    896027659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77641464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    818386195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    896027659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77641464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    818386195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    896027659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1941036.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 735297.569632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777127.197745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1941036.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 735297.569632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777127.197745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1941036.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 735297.569632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777127.197745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         3048                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.935675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         154694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         5096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        30.355965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.537101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.983185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1111.557702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         918.857687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.542753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.448661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  4133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1258                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1258                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   4133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  4133                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                3042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 3048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3018                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                3048                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60022425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2906764742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2966787167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9315066                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9315066                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60022425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2916079808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     2976102233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60022425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2916079808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    2976102233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              7175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1258                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1258                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               7181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              7181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.421613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.423972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.422098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.424453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.422098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.424453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2000747.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 965061.335325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 975275.202827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1552511                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1552511                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2000747.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 966229.227303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 976411.493766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2000747.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 966229.227303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 976411.493766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                544                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     544                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            3048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           3048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57387451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2642258760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2699646211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8788266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8788266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57387451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2651047026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2708434477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57387451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2651047026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2708434477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.421613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.423972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.422098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.422098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1912915.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 877243.944223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 887457.663051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1464711                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1464711                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1912915.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 878411.870775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888593.988517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1912915.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 878411.870775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888593.988517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1157                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.546462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         158768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        49.537598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.267923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.436472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   547.320881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1442.521186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.014862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.267247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.704356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  2673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   2688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2686                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  2688                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1118                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1157                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77888474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    912720200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     990608674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77888474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    912720200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      990608674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77888474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    912720200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     990608674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              3830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               3845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              3845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.300910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.300910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1997140.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 816386.583184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 856187.272256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1997140.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 816386.583184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 856187.272256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1997140.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 816386.583184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 856187.272256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                490                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     490                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     74464274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    814026800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    888491074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     74464274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    814026800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    888491074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     74464274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    814026800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    888491074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1909340.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 728761.683080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768590.894464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1909340.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 728761.683080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768590.894464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1909340.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 728761.683080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768590.894464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         1154                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.543119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         158760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        49.581512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.266120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    32.358593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   546.587748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1441.330657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.015800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.266889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.703775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  2667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   2682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2680                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  2682                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                1154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1114                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                1154                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82936553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    928865425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1011801978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82936553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    928865425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1011801978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82936553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    928865425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1011801978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              3821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               3836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              3836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.300834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.300834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2073413.825000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 833810.973968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 876778.143847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2073413.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 833810.973968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 876778.143847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2073413.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 833810.973968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 876778.143847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                490                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     490                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            1153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           1153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79423401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    829888269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    909311670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79423401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    829888269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    909311670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79423401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    829888269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    909311670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1985585.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 745631.867925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788648.456201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1985585.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 745631.867925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788648.456201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1985585.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 745631.867925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788648.456201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.414682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         182392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        62.143782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.414682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    32.845392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   411.990902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1564.163706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.016038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.201167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.763752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  2766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   2782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  2782                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    688277776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     790011666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    688277776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      790011666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    688277776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     790011666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              3654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               3670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              3670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.234985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810692.315665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889652.777027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810692.315665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889652.777027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810692.315665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889652.777027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    613718902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    712028592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    613718902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    712028592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    613718902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    712028592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.234985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722872.676090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       801834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722872.676090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       801834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722872.676090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       801834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          887                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.450302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         182396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        62.166326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.450302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    32.626740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   412.139456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1564.233804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.015931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.201240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.763786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  2770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   2785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2783                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  2785                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 887                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    103676400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    696910245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     800586645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    103676400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    696910245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      800586645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    103676400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    696910245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     800586645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              3657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               3672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              3672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.234725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.242549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.233756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.233756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2728326.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 820860.123675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 902577.953777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2728326.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 820860.123675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 902577.953777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2728326.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 820860.123675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 902577.953777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100339935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    622361183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    722701118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100339935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    622361183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    722701118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100339935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    622361183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    722701118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.234725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.233756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.233756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2640524.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 733052.041225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 814770.144307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2640524.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 733052.041225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 814770.144307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2640524.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 733052.041225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 814770.144307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         3069                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.938681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         154705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        30.233535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.542051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    14.197251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1113.392001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         915.807377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.543648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.447172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1260                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1260                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4141                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4142                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                3063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 3069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3036                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                3069                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89713860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2861791507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2951505367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8940302                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8940302                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89713860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2870731809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     2960445669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89713860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2870731809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    2960445669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              7205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1260                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1260                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               7211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              7211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.422535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.425121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.423018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.423018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2718601.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 944485.645875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 963599.532158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1490050.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1490050.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2718601.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 945563.836957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 964628.761486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2718601.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 945563.836957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 964628.761486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                547                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     547                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            3069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           3069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86806515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2594687572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2681494087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8411252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8411252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86806515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2603098824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2689905339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86806515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2603098824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2689905339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.422535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.423018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.423018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2630500.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 856332.532013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875446.975841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1401875.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1401875.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2630500.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 857410.679842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876476.161290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2630500.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 857410.679842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876476.161290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         2894                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.602156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         123131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         4942                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        24.915217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.226280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.580877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   845.057879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1171.737119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.009073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.412626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.572137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            719                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 719                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3432                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3433                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                2889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 2893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2860                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                2893                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45762870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2607573217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2653336087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6144504                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6144504                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45762870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2613717721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     2659480591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45762870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2613717721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    2659480591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              6314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          719                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             719                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               6326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              6326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.454777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.454545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.454545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1386753.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 913015.832283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 918427.167532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1536126                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1536126                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1386753.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 913887.315035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919281.227446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1386753.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 913887.315035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919281.227446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                448                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     448                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            2893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           2893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     42865470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2356816417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2399681887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5793304                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5793304                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     42865470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2362609721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2405475191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     42865470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2362609721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2405475191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.454777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.454545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.454545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1298953.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 825215.832283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830627.167532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1448326                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1448326                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1298953.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 826087.315035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831481.227446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1298953.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 826087.315035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831481.227446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1155                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.504122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         158757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        49.565095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.268578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    31.760788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   546.776242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1441.698514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.015508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.266981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.703954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  2664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   2679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2677                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  2679                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1115                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1155                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68734400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    924843011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     993577411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68734400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    924843011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      993577411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68734400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    924843011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     993577411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              3819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               3834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              3834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1718360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 829455.615247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860240.182684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1718360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 829455.615247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 860240.182684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1718360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 829455.615247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 860240.182684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                490                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     490                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65220442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    826406038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    891626480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65220442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    826406038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    891626480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65220442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    826406038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    891626480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1630511.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 741836.658887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772639.930676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1630511.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 741836.658887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772639.930676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1630511.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 741836.658887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772639.930676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         3071                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.935918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         154714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        30.223481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.536470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.201987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1111.048275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         918.149186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.542504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.448315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1265                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1265                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4145                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4146                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 3071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                3071                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67731025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2826119070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2893850095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6877225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6877225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67731025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2832996295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     2900727320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67731025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2832996295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    2900727320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              7211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               7217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              7217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.425045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1992088.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932404.839987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944159.900489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1146204.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1146204.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1992088.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932827.229174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944554.646695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1992088.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932827.229174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944554.646695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                549                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     549                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            3071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           3071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64745825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2559980711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2624726536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6350425                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6350425                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64745825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2566331136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2631076961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64745825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2566331136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2631076961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1904288.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 844599.376773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856354.497879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1058404.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1058404.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1904288.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 845021.776753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856749.254640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1904288.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 845021.776753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856749.254640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1663                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.499997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         180066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        48.522231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.760356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.636127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   718.292589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1254.810925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.011541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.350729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.612701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3339                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3340                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1628                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1662                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66307566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1380661468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1446969034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2262733                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2262733                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66307566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1382924201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1449231767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66307566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1382924201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1449231767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               5002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              5002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.328485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.332999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.327763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.327763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1950222.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849115.293973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871668.092771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1131366.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1131366.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1950222.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849462.039926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 871980.605897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1950222.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849462.039926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 871980.605897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                954                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     954                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63321688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1237869571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1301191259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2087133                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2087133                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63321688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1239956704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1303278392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63321688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1239956704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1303278392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.328485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.327763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.327763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1862402.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761297.399139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783850.156024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1043566.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1043566.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1862402.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761644.167076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784162.690734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1862402.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761644.167076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784162.690734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         3058                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.935387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         154695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         5106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        30.296710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.537075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.823307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1110.880940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         918.694064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.542422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.448581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  4135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                1257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   4135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4134                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  4135                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                3052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 3058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3026                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                3058                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74102204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2862971862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2937074066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10341259                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10341259                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74102204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2873313121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     2947415325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74102204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2873313121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    2947415325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              7187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            1257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               7193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              7193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.422141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.424656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.422626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.422626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2315693.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 948003.927815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962344.058322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1723543.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1723543.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2315693.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 949541.679114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963837.581753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2315693.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 949541.679114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963837.581753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                548                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     548                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            3058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           3058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71292280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2597758451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2669050731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9814459                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9814459                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71292280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2607572910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2678865190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71292280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2607572910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2678865190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.422141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.422626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.422626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2227883.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 860184.917550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874525.141219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1635743.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635743.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2227883.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 861722.706543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876018.701766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2227883.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 861722.706543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876018.701766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2898                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.602930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         123111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         4946                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        24.891023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.235807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.038140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   841.675354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1174.653629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.410974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.573561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            718                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 718                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3413                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3414                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2863                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2897                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48155278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2659363410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2707518688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6419534                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6419534                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48155278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2665782944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     2713938222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48155278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2665782944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    2713938222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              6299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               6311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              6311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.456418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.456182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.456182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1416331.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 930172.581322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935886.169374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1604883.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1604883.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1416331.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 931115.244149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 936809.879876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1416331.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 931115.244149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 936809.879876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                444                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     444                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45169297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2408292556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2453461853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6068334                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6068334                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45169297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2414360890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2459530187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45169297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2414360890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2459530187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.456418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.456182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.456182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1328508.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 842354.863938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848068.390252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1517083.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1517083.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1328508.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 843297.551519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848992.125302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1328508.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 843297.551519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848992.125302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              490.839691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001204106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2018556.665323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.839691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.057435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38205.688546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.252884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.747116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2067524753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2067524753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073640073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2073640073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073640073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2073640073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 223492.028213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223492.028213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    873056668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873056668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241643.140880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241643.140880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              565.379390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1028782532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1789187.012174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.600050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.779340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.037821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1067211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1067211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1067211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1067211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1067211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1067211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101900929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101900929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101900929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101900929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101900929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101900929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1067261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1067261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1067261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1067261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1067261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1067261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2038018.580000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2038018.580000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2038018.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2038018.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2038018.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2038018.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71104104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71104104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71104104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71104104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71104104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71104104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2222003.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2222003.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2222003.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2222003.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2222003.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2222003.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              405049115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             54618.273328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   110.999727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   145.000273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.433593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.566407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2787181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2787181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1525254                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1525254                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4312435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        4312435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4312435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       4312435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        26113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        26133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        26133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        26133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        26133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12053908940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12053908940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     34169666                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34169666                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12088078606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12088078606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12088078606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12088078606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2813294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2813294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1525274                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1525274                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4338568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4338568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4338568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4338568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 461605.673036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461605.673036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1708483.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1708483.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462559.928290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 462559.928290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462559.928290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 462559.928290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3147570665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3147570665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10148389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10148389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3157719054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3157719054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3157719054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3157719054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 439912.042628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 439912.042628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1691398.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1691398.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440960.627566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 440960.627566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440960.627566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 440960.627566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              516.574966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1003738053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1911882.005714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    26.574966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.042588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1070372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1070372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1070372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1070372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1070372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1070372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63823636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63823636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63823636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63823636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63823636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63823636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1070424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1070424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1070424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1070424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1070424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1070424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1227377.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1227377.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1227377.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1227377.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1227377.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1227377.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41848823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41848823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41848823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41848823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41848823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41848823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1195680.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1195680.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1195680.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1195680.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1195680.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1195680.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 6313                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              166741000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             25383.011113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   227.100776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    28.899224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.887112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.112888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       740511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        740511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       611906                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       611906                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1352417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1352417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1352417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1352417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        16715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        16786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        16786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        16786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        16786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7434129041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7434129041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     53657754                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53657754                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7487786795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7487786795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7487786795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7487786795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       757226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       757226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       611977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       611977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1369203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1369203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1369203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1369203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 444757.944421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444757.944421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 755743.014085                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 755743.014085                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 446073.322709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446073.322709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 446073.322709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446073.322709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          721                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             721                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10473                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10473                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2906006706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2906006706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6256895                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6256895                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2912263601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2912263601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2912263601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2912263601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 461197.699730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461197.699730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 521407.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 521407.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 461312.149691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461312.149691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 461312.149691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461312.149691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              511.889941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              998079421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1930521.123791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    36.889941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.059118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1166950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1166950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1166950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1166950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1166950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1166950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108724578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108724578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108724578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108724578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108724578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108724578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1167015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1167015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1167015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1167015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1167015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1167015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1672685.815385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1672685.815385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1672685.815385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1672685.815385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1672685.815385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1672685.815385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       333039                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 166519.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81669285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81669285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81669285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81669285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81669285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81669285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1944506.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1944506.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1944506.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1944506.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1944506.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1944506.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3795                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152105649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             37547.679338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   222.861837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    33.138163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.870554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.129446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       802263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        802263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       674447                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       674447                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1476710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1476710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1476710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1476710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        12282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        12282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4067861960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4067861960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7181062                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7181062                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4075043022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4075043022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4075043022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4075043022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       814459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       814459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       674533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       674533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1488992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1488992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1488992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1488992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333540.665792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333540.665792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83500.720930                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83500.720930                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 331789.856864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331789.856864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 331789.856864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331789.856864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1100121380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100121380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1008152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1008152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1101129532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1101129532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1101129532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1101129532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291037.402116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291037.402116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67210.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67210.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290152.709354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290152.709354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290152.709354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290152.709354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              564.762316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1028779111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1792298.102787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.543957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   542.218359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.036128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.868940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.905068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1063790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1063790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1063790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1063790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1063790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1063790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80370839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80370839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80370839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80370839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80370839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80370839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1063839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1063839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1063839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1063839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1063839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1063839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1640221.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1640221.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1640221.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1640221.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1640221.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1640221.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60335525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60335525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60335525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60335525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60335525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60335525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1946307.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1946307.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1946307.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1946307.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1946307.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1946307.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 7150                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              405037437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 7406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             54690.445180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   110.998730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   145.001270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2779528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2779528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1521231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1521231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4300759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4300759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4300759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4300759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        26067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        26067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12140388605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12140388605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     32383205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32383205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12172771810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12172771810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12172771810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12172771810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2805575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2805575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1521251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1521251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4326826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4326826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4326826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4326826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 466095.466081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466095.466081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1619160.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1619160.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 466980.159205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 466980.159205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 466980.159205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 466980.159205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3214229746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3214229746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9364866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9364866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3223594612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3223594612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3223594612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3223594612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 449920.177212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449920.177212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1560811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1560811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 450852.393287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450852.393287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 450852.393287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450852.393287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              509.733707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              998080432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1934264.403101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    34.733707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.055663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1167961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1167961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1167961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1167961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1167961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1167961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102726444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102726444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102726444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102726444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102726444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102726444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1168020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1168020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1168020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1168020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1168020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1168020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1741126.169492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1741126.169492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1741126.169492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1741126.169492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1741126.169492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1741126.169492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       927195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       927195                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78381937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78381937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78381937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78381937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78381937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78381937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1911754.560976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1911754.560976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1911754.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1911754.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1911754.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1911754.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3804                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              152108147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4060                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             37465.060837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   222.876512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    33.123488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.870611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.129389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       803873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        803873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       675327                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       675327                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1479200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1479200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1479200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1479200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        12326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        12326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4022841734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4022841734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6995815                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6995815                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4029837549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4029837549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4029837549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4029837549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       816115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       816115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       675411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       675411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1491526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1491526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1491526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1491526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 328609.845940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 328609.845940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 83283.511905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83283.511905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 326937.980610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 326937.980610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 326937.980610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 326937.980610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1095827671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1095827671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       976144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       976144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1096803815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1096803815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1096803815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1096803815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 289212.898126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289212.898126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 65076.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65076.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 288329.078601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288329.078601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 288329.078601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288329.078601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              511.891180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              998078719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1930519.765957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    36.891180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.059120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1166248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1166248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1166248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1166248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1166248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1166248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    112671935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112671935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    112671935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    112671935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    112671935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    112671935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1166314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1166314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1166314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1166314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1166314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1166314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1707150.530303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1707150.530303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1707150.530303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1707150.530303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1707150.530303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1707150.530303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       318677                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 159338.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83447477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83447477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83447477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83447477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83447477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83447477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1986844.690476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1986844.690476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1986844.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1986844.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1986844.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1986844.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3794                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              152104730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             37556.723457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   222.857215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    33.142785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.870536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.129464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       801768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        801768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       674023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       674023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1475791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1475791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1475791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1475791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        12278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        12278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4050235408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4050235408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7146161                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7146161                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4057381569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4057381569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4057381569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4057381569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       813960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       813960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       674109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       674109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1488069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1488069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1488069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1488069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.014979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 332204.347769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 332204.347769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 83094.895349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83094.895349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 330459.485991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 330459.485991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 330459.485991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 330459.485991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8484                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8484                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1111563579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1111563579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       993010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       993010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1112556589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1112556589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1112556589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1112556589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 294142.254300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294142.254300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 66200.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66200.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 293241.061940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293241.061940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 293241.061940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293241.061940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              490.839683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001204151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2018556.756048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.839683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.057435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1196051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1196051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1196051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1196051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1196051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1196109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1196109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1196109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2929404                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 585880.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148429163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 3885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             38205.704762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   220.250531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    35.749469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.860354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.139646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       952519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       706696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1659215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1659215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2083829141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2083829141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6128486                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6128486                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2089957627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2089957627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2089957627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2089957627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       961770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       706770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1668540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1668540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 225254.474219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225254.474219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82817.378378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82817.378378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 224124.142306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224124.142306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 224124.142306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224124.142306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    875525105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    875525105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1126788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1126788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    876651893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    876651893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    876651893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    876651893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 242326.350678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242326.350678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70424.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70424.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 241568.446680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241568.446680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 241568.446680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241568.446680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              490.619213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1001203224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2022632.775758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    35.619213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.057082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1195124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1195124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1195124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1195124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1195124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    156097256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156097256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    156097256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    156097256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    156097256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    156097256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1195181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1195181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1195181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2738548.350877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2738548.350877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2738548.350877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2738548.350877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2738548.350877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2738548.350877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2941840                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       588368                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104121309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104121309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104121309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104121309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104121309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104121309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2603032.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2603032.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2603032.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2603032.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2603032.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2603032.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 3632                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              148429034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 3888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             38176.191872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   220.267211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    35.732789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.860419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.139581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       952521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       706580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1817                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1817                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1659101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1659101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         9346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         9346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2084920020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2084920020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6207281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6207281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2091127301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2091127301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2091127301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2091127301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       961785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       706662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1817                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1817                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1668447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1668447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 225056.133420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225056.133420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 75698.548780                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75698.548780                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 223745.698802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223745.698802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 223745.698802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223745.698802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        14022                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14022                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    884354117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    884354117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1038817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1038817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    885392934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    885392934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    885392934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    885392934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 244499.341167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244499.341167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 69254.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69254.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 243775.587555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243775.587555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 243775.587555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243775.587555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              566.187990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1028783423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1782986.868284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.411479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.776511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.039121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.868232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1068102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1068102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1068102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1068102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1068102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1068102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    119182100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119182100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    119182100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119182100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    119182100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119182100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1068151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1068151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1068151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1068151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1068151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2432287.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2432287.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2432287.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2432287.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2432287.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2432287.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       609082                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       304541                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90053260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90053260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90053260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90053260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90053260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90053260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2648625.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2648625.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2648625.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2648625.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2648625.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2648625.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7177                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              405050027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             54493.478676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.009186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.990814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.433630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.566370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2787672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2787672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1525673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1525673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          744                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          744                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4313345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4313345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4313345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4313345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        26142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        26162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        26162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        26162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        26162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12069066183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12069066183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     29476948                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29476948                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12098543131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12098543131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12098543131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12098543131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2813814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2813814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1525693                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1525693                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4339507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4339507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4339507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4339507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 461673.406128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461673.406128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1473847.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1473847.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 462447.180300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 462447.180300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 462447.180300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 462447.180300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1260                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1260                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18985                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18985                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3169984227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3169984227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8990102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8990102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3178974329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3178974329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3178974329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3178974329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 442056.090782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 442056.090782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1498350.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1498350.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 442939.156890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 442939.156890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 442939.156890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 442939.156890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              516.225596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1003739163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1915532.753817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    26.225596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.042028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1071482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1071482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1071482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1071482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1071482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76778220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76778220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76778220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76778220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76778220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76778220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1071541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1071541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1071541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1301325.762712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1301325.762712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1301325.762712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1301325.762712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1301325.762712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1301325.762712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46128160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46128160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46128160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46128160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46128160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46128160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1356710.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1356710.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1356710.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1356710.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1356710.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1356710.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 6292                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166740711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 6548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             25464.372480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   227.060880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    28.939120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.886957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.113043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       740301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        740301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       611859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       611859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1352160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1352160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1352160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1352160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        16492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        16562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        16562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        16562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        16562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7276501419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7276501419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     58343880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     58343880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7334845299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7334845299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7334845299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7334845299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       756793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       756793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       611929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       611929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1368722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1368722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1368722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1368722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 441214.007943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441214.007943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       833484                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       833484                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 442871.953810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442871.953810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 442871.953810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442871.953810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2856283476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2856283476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6690504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6690504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2862973980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2862973980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2862973980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2862973980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 454822.209554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454822.209554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       557542                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       557542                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 455018.115067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455018.115067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 455018.115067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455018.115067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              511.100557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              998078197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1930518.756286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    36.100557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.057853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1165726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1165726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1165726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1165726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1165726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1165726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92616431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92616431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92616431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92616431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92616431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92616431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1165787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1165787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1165787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1165787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1165787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1165787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1518302.147541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1518302.147541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1518302.147541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1518302.147541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1518302.147541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1518302.147541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69242083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69242083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69242083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69242083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69242083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69242083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1648621.023810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1648621.023810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1648621.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1648621.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1648621.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1648621.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3792                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              152105404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             37575.445652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   222.885646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    33.114354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.870647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.129353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       802345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        802345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       674131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       674131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1708                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1708                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1476476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1476476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1476476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1476476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        12284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        12284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4015627306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4015627306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7184852                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7184852                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4022812158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4022812158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4022812158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4022812158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       814543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       814543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       674217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       674217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1708                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1708                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1488760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1488760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1488760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1488760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.014975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 329203.747008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 329203.747008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 83544.790698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83544.790698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327483.894334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327483.894334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327483.894334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327483.894334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8492                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8492                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1107394448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1107394448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       977117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       977117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1108371565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1108371565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1108371565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1108371565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 293194.187980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293194.187980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 65141.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65141.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 292292.079378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292292.079378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 292292.079378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292292.079378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              565.919563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1028784100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1779903.287197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.141764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.777799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.038689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.868234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1068779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1068779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1068779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1068779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1068779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1068779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86761627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86761627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86761627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86761627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86761627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86761627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1068830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1068830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1068830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1068830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1068830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1701208.372549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1701208.372549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1701208.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1701208.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1701208.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1701208.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76092                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76092                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68077325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68077325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68077325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68077325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68077325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68077325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1945066.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945066.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1945066.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945066.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1945066.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945066.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7182                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              405052921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             54457.235951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.007629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.992371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.433624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.566376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2789331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2789331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1526907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1526907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          744                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          744                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4316238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4316238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4316238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4316238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        26148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        26148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11985944829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11985944829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22568647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22568647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12008513476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12008513476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12008513476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12008513476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2815459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2815459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1526927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1526927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4342386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4342386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4342386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4342386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 458739.468348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458739.468348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1128432.350000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1128432.350000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 459251.700933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459251.700933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 459251.700933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459251.700933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3134631425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3134631425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6927025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6927025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3141558450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3141558450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3141558450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3141558450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 436821.547520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 436821.547520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1154504.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1154504.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 437421.115288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 437421.115288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 437421.115288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 437421.115288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              512.435796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              999329809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1932939.669246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.435796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.048775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1110064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1110064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1110064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1110064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1110064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94014652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94014652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94014652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94014652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94014652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94014652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1110113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1110113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1110113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1110113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1110113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1110113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1918666.367347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1918666.367347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1918666.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1918666.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1918666.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1918666.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66654922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66654922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66654922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66654922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66654922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66654922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1904426.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904426.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1904426.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904426.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1904426.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904426.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4967                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              157953669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             30241.943136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   223.704874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    32.295126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.873847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.126153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       783411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        783411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       660703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       660703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1444114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1444114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1444114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1444114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        17681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        17681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7066623632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7066623632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    332397811                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    332397811                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7399021443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7399021443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7399021443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7399021443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       800593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       800593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       661202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       661202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1461795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1461795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1461795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1461795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 411280.621115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 411280.621115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 666127.877756                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 666127.877756                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 418473.018664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 418473.018664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 418473.018664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 418473.018664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2834448                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 566889.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1612638690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1612638690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      3240833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3240833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1615879523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1615879523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1615879523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1615879523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 325785.593939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325785.593939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 190637.235294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190637.235294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 325323.036642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325323.036642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 325323.036642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325323.036642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              565.550469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1028782067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1786079.977431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.770907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.779562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.038094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.868236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1066746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1066746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1066746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1066746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1066746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1066746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    101832118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101832118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    101832118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101832118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    101832118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101832118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1066801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1066801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1066801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1066801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1066801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1066801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1851493.054545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1851493.054545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1851493.054545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1851493.054545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1851493.054545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1851493.054545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1297893                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 648946.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74434293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74434293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74434293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74434293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74434293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74434293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2255584.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2255584.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2255584.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2255584.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2255584.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2255584.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              405040155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             54617.065129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.000978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.999022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.433598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.566402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2781379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2781379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1522097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1522097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      4303476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        4303476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      4303476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       4303476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        26003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        26023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        26023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        26023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        26023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11994056623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11994056623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     34595478                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34595478                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12028652101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12028652101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12028652101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12028652101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2807382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2807382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1522117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1522117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      4329499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4329499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      4329499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4329499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 461256.648194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461256.648194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1729773.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1729773.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 462231.568267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 462231.568267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 462231.568267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 462231.568267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18863                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18863                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3170582845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3170582845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10391059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10391059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3180973904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3180973904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3180973904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3180973904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 443190.221554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443190.221554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1731843.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1731843.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 444270.098324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444270.098324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 444270.098324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444270.098324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              516.801622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1003737822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1911881.565714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    26.801622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.042951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1070141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1070141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1070141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1070141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1070141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1070141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70835551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70835551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70835551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70835551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70835551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70835551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1070194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1070194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1070194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1070194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1070194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1070194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1336519.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1336519.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1336519.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1336519.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1336519.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1336519.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48519813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48519813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48519813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48519813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48519813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48519813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1386280.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1386280.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1386280.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1386280.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1386280.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1386280.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6276                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              166739222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             25526.518983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.013451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.986549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.886771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.113229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       739610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        739610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       611056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       611056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1350666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1350666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1350666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1350666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        16556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        16628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        16628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        16628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        16628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7465701664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7465701664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     61038840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61038840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7526740504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7526740504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7526740504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7526740504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       756166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       756166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       611128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       611128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1367294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1367294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1367294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1367294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 450936.316985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 450936.316985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 847761.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847761.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 452654.588886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 452654.588886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 452654.588886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 452654.588886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2906978510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2906978510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6965534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6965534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2913944044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2913944044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2913944044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2913944044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 464077.029055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 464077.029055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 580461.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 580461.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 464299.560867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 464299.560867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 464299.560867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 464299.560867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
