
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106038                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106038390819                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632225375583                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 211462                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   266749                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1285321                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753856                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 82499.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17445481905                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22006712303                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1053312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2215680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1054208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4174336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1054080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2240128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4178176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4184704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3571072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1052800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2230784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2229248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1462784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      4187392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1054592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1468160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             37491456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           80000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10281344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10281344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        17310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         8236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        32612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         8235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        17501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        32642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        32693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        27899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         8225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        17428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        17416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        11428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        32714                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         8239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        11470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                292902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           80323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                80323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      9933308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20895074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      9941758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        51906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39366271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9940551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21125632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39402484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        51906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39464047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     33677161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      9928480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21037513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        43456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21023027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        51906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13794853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39489396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        49492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data      9945379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        51906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13845551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               353564928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        51906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        51906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        43456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        51906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        49492                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        51906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             754444                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          96958695                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               96958695                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          96958695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      9933308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        41042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20895074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      9941758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        51906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39366271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9940551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21125632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39402484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        51906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39464047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        45870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     33677161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      9928480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21037513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        43456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21023027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        51906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13794853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39489396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        49492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data      9945379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        51906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13845551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              450523623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22060620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18366979                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002116                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8468346                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081150                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374213                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191893979                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120995194                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22060620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10455363                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25227486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5574390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     17500803                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11914384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913605                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    238181145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      212953659     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1547630      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1952721      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3094306      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1308168      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1685593      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1950111      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         894211      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12794746      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    238181145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086754                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475818                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190768589                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     18739982                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25107204                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11803                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3553565                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3358705                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147911897                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3553565                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190962888                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        617928                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     17580715                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24924706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       541339                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146996614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        77505                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377791                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205287436                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683604694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683604694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33400902                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18564                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1904842                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13768420                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7200163                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81173                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634655                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143514360                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35742                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137728970                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127492                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17333663                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35242793                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238181145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179819701     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26614829     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10889847      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6097128      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8265965      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2540965      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500318      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346666      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105726      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238181145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938851     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129352     10.86%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122801     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116029807     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883334      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12620453      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7178329      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137728970                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.541624                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191004                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514957580                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160884429                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134142376                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138919974                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102304                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2596486                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3553565                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        469716                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59459                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143550111                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13768420                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7200163                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18565                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52060                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183158                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2309497                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135327339                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12415910                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2401630                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19593566                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19141125                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7177656                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.532180                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134142824                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134142376                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80386940                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215922009                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527520                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20327373                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2019259                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234627580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182474752     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26431899     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592268      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4782050      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4375918      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835532      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817988      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865924      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451249      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234627580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451249                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          375726307                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290654959                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2908207                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16107563                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.542887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.542887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.393254                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.393254                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608911882                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187442533                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136792361                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       17435268                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15558290                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1384111                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11528502                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11359413                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046686                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41672                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184029554                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             99005660                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          17435268                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     12406099                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            22064192                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4547923                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      7512479                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11132257                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1358797                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    216762217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      194698025     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3362510      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1694686      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3320014      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1068141      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3074244      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         485303      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         793123      0.37%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        8266171      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    216762217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068565                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.389344                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      182269559                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      9314656                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        22020840                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        17516                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3139642                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1656494                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        16350                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    110773564                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        31040                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3139642                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      182469704                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       6035170                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2644512                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        21822074                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       651111                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    110612060                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        86186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       498924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    144969105                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    501316613                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    501316613                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    117590287                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       27378812                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        14871                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7528                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1496129                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     19916864                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3248798                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20392                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       740900                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        110036017                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14924                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       103045703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        66781                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19842897                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40593083                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          111                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216762217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171592565     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14211361      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15134726      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8758141      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4524959      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1136906      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1345515      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31341      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26703      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216762217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        172623     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71152     23.55%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58308     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80823809     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       808776      0.78%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7344      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18185124     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3220650      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    103045703                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.405231                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            302083                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    423222487                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    129894100                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100437555                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    103347786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        81193                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4043754                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          268                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80969                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3139642                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       5292615                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        77776                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110051027                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4530                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19916864                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3248798                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7524                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36952                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2136                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          268                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       932100                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       536046                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1468146                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    101738248                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17926985                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1307455                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21147478                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       15467197                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3220493                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.400090                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            100460516                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           100437555                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        60762387                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       132456599                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.394974                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458734                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     79992911                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     90073877                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19981521                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14813                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1375378                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213622575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180085182     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13179424      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8463508      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2664550      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4418251      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       865530      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       547283      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       501341      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2897506      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213622575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     79992911                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     90073877                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             19040935                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            15873106                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              7390                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         13820062                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        78719945                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1127649                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2897506                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          320780168                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         223252879                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4104007                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              37526491                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          79992911                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            90073877                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     79992911                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.178891                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.178891                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.314575                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.314575                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      472869743                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     130874615                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     117618445                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        14800                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       22072528                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18375830                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2001948                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8466899                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8084832                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2375854                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93213                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191985788                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            121066605                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          22072528                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10460686                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            25241617                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5574654                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     17383839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11919088                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913143                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    238170239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      212928622     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1548868      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1951573      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3095983      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1310065      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1685453      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1950632      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         895147      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       12803896      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    238170239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086801                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.476099                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      190859935                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     18623412                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        25121126                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        11765                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3553999                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3361581                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    148003399                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2620                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3553999                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      191053782                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        618634                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     17463462                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24938970                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       541388                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    147089004                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        77279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       378051                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    205410338                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    684036421                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    684036421                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    171996641                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       33413697                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        35613                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18554                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1902908                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13779653                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7206030                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80811                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1638535                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        143606538                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35744                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       137816859                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       128180                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17338939                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35276898                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1333                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238170239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179772192     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26629734     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10896053      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6103395      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8272383      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2543327      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2499408      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347757      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105990      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238170239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939487     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129661     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122896     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116101225     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1884635      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17058      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12629742      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7184199      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    137816859                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.541970                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1192044                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008649                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    515124181                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160981885                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134229870                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    139008903                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101715                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2600562                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102150                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3553999                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        470409                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59583                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143642291                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113398                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13779653                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7206030                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18555                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52147                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182555                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1127473                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2310028                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135416411                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12424822                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2400448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           19608381                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19154297                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7183559                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.532530                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            134230294                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           134229870                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        80439120                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       216063164                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.527864                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372294                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100064022                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    123302245                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20340656                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34411                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2019086                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234616240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182429452     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26449155     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9598726      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4785063      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4379033      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1836313      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1819179      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866874      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2452445      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234616240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    100064022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    123302245                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18282971                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11179091                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             17166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17872377                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       111012180                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2546174                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2452445                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          375805994                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         290839820                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2908438                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              16118469                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         100064022                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           123302245                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    100064022                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.541260                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.541260                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393506                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393506                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      609309833                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     187561060                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     136875302                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        34382                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254288139                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       17148452                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15472767                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       903533                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7064094                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6145868                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         948957                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40185                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182207135                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            107771649                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          17148452                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      7094825                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            21326069                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       2833209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     25011955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10455834                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       907617                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    230451905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      209125836     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         762658      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1553938      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         666821      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        3542733      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3165024      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         620068      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1274320      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        9740507      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    230451905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067437                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.423817                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      180390121                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     26840292                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        21247537                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        67677                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      1906273                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1505730                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          473                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    126371623                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2698                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      1906273                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      180624786                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles      24929939                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1096315                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        21106954                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       787633                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    126302389                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents         4018                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       392224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       257804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents        20641                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    148287807                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    594853867                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    594853867                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    131535596                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       16751999                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        14670                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7413                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1805384                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     29813317                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     15077543                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       137714                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       732594                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        126058136                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14712                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       121215914                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69393                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9696329                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23160252                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230451905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186903405     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13311841      5.78%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10761358      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4644033      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5797078      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5502106      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3128227      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249802      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154055      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230451905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        304898     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2330549     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68203      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76045216     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1057069      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7256      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29066633     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15039740     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    121215914                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.476687                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2703650                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    475656776                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    135772303                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120183278                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    123919564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       218134                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1162606                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          512                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97011                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10680                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          189                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      1906273                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles      24331287                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       230038                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126072940                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2065                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29813317                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15077543                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7412                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142879                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          155                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3132                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       530770                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       527945                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1058715                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120372223                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     28972084                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       843691                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           44010038                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       15774254                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         15037954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473369                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            120186334                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           120183278                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        64928114                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       128147829                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97630625                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    114732194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11353990                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14622                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       923548                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228545632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186777740     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15367117      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7164123      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7040606      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1947489      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8063689      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       612173      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       447986      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1124709      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228545632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     97630625                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    114732194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             43631222                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            28650694                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              7300                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15150987                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       102024606                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1111354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1124709                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          353506821                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         254078991                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3918156                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              23836234                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          97630625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           114732194                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     97630625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.604594                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.604594                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.383937                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.383937                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      595104973                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     139575389                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     150487004                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        14600                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       22065364                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18370775                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2001989                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8502411                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8086339                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2375022                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93284                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191976722                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            121029084                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          22065364                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10461361                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25233035                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5568760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     17412588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           90                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11918333                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913395                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    238175704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      212942669     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1548017      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1954159      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3096337      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1308783      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1685666      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1950953      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         892875      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       12796245      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    238175704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086773                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.475951                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      190849749                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     18653340                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25112652                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        11913                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3548048                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3359351                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          546                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    147931843                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2624                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3548048                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      191044035                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        619095                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     17493232                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24930295                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       540995                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    147017385                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        78236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       376770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    205332656                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    683703047                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    683703047                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    171975161                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       33357490                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        35759                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18703                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1901804                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13754414                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7203535                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81444                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634010                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        143535364                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35888                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       137783717                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       126579                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17290949                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35076667                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1481                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238175704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179788592     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26630603     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10891670      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6100415      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8267891      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2541442      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2501730      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347513      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105848      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238175704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939270     78.92%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127945     10.75%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122868     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116074882     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1884178      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17055      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12625979      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7181623      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    137783717                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.541840                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190083                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008637                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    515059798                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160862865                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134196884                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    138973800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102625                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2576719                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100559                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3548048                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        470533                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59519                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143571261                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113825                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13754414                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7203535                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18704                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52132                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185088                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1124775                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2309863                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135381018                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12421374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2402697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           19602195                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19149804                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7180821                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.532391                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            134197423                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           134196884                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        80413068                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       215969396                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.527734                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372335                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100051514                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    123286830                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20284994                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34407                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2019144                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234627656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182449289     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26442727     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9597971      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4784551      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4377884      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1839119      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817642      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866259      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2452214      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234627656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    100051514                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    123286830                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18280668                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11177695                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17870142                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       110998304                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2545858                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2452214                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          375746564                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         290691723                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2907000                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              16113004                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         100051514                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           123286830                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    100051514                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.541578                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.541578                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393456                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393456                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      609167485                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     187521283                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     136834449                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        34378                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       18679030                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15321248                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1832118                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7855131                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7306231                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1919525                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82636                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178505693                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            106128612                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          18679030                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9225756                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23355884                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5189002                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     16574870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        10996362                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1821220                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    221761199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      198405315     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2532537      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2936629      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1613111      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1848352      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1026323      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         699008      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1802620      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10897304      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    221761199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073456                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.417355                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      177049747                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     18058307                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23161082                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       184419                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3307642                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3028112                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        17111                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    129550509                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        84674                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3307642                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      177332765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6210790                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     11055577                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23070107                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       784316                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    129470441                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       201311                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       361629                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    179948782                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    602766986                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    602766986                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    153850696                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       26098086                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        34161                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19141                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2103419                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12368435                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6732279                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       177291                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1490810                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        129263611                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34258                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       122257430                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       170986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15997028                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36843079                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4036                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221761199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170228959     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20739739      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11141883      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7702572      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6730709      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3440515      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       838014      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537750      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       401058      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221761199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32429     12.38%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111114     42.42%     54.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118372     45.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102339390     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1908913      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14983      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11310135      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6684009      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    122257430                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.480782                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            261915                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466708960                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145296039                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120221492                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    122519345                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       307751                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2173989                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          783                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1143                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       136284                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7491                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3892                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3307642                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       5776695                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136226                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129297984                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62357                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12368435                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6732279                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19161                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96081                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1143                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1066387                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023853                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2090240                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120449249                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10622951                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1808181                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 115                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           17305477                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       16859114                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6682526                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.473671                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            120223366                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           120221492                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        71463908                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       187107704                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.472776                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381940                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90345615                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    110843146                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18456039                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30222                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1842537                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218453557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173164857     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21002371      9.61%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8802142      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5292059      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3658862      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2368349      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1225103      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986009      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1953805      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218453557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     90345615                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    110843146                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             16790441                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10194446                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15078                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15863566                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        99929555                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2255124                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1953805                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          345798326                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         261906079                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2734727                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              32527509                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          90345615                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           110843146                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     90345615                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.814621                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.814621                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.355288                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.355288                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      543351781                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     166868757                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     120919424                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        30194                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       17165291                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15489246                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       898656                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6415209                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6133880                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         947401                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39730                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182088722                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            107876265                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          17165291                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      7081281                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21335046                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       2835759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     25619503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10445534                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       902287                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    230958022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      209622976     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         760620      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1552208      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         664695      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        3544314      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3163214      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         610172      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1278869      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9760954      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    230958022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067503                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.424228                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      180176957                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     27542820                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21256002                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        67992                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      1914246                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1506580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          480                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    126492272                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2701                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      1914246                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      180418900                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles      25601046                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1117831                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        21111259                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       794735                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    126423754                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       407774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       263358                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5300                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    148423756                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    595403485                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    595403485                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    131587257                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       16836395                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        14661                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7400                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1850521                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     29828158                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     15082572                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138272                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       732539                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        126177739                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14704                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       121246462                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70210                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9803737                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23607333                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           78                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230958022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187413313     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13295354      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10758647      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4649242      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5808546      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5502786      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3127344      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       248410      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154380      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230958022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        304899     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2329975     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68120      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76057867     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1059200      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7258      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29076011     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15046126     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    121246462                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.476806                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2702994                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022293                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476224150                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    135999291                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120212998                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    123949456                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217573                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1163051                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          459                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3115                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94652                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10683                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      1914246                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles      24985855                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       240526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126192520                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29828158                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15082572                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7402                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       148112                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          121                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3115                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       522393                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       531969                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1054362                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120403346                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     28981980                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       843116                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           44026648                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       15778587                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         15044668                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.473491                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            120216182                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           120212998                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        64944618                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       128234486                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.472742                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506452                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97672177                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    114780426                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11426425                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14626                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       918306                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229043776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187259137     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15380485      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7159786      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7044324      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1950149      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8058964      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       613770      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       447927      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1129234      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229043776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     97672177                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    114780426                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             43653019                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            28665099                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              7302                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15157162                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       102067347                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1111665                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1129234                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          354121107                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         254328197                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3907018                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              23330686                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          97672177                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           114780426                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     97672177                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.603492                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.603492                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.384100                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.384100                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      595229131                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     139598196                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     150606644                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        14604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       17184907                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15507116                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       900022                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6424938                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6139909                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         948553                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39659                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182320857                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            108004545                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          17184907                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      7088462                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            21360887                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       2838598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     25481799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10458882                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       903748                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    231079715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      209718828     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         762172      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1551606      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         668037      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        3549024      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3166385      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         611098      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1281831      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        9770734      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    231079715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.067580                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.424732                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      180409273                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     27404833                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        21281591                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        68321                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      1915692                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1508136                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          480                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    126641916                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2707                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      1915692                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      180650779                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles      25456470                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1115266                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        21136502                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       805001                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    126574186                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         1510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       416276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       263975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6692                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    148601270                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    596116947                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    596116947                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    131753737                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       16847479                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        14691                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7421                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1854814                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     29860968                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     15099670                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138165                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       732746                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        126329111                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14734                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       121398471                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69407                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9812980                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23605860                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231079715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187473939     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13319658      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10775724      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4652064      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5814642      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5508510      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3130675      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       250019      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154484      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231079715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        306029     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2332669     86.17%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68282      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76158661     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1060457      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7268      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29108499     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15063586     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    121398471                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477404                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2706980                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022298                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476653044                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136159917                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120361815                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    124105451                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217974                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1162891                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          462                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3096                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94382                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10698                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      1915692                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles      24834696                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       239337                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126343929                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29860968                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15099670                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7422                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       147664                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          102                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3096                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       523390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       532528                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1055918                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120552099                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29014702                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       846372                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           44076798                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       15797097                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         15062096                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.474076                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            120365027                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           120361815                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        65028316                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       128411883                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473327                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506404                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97792339                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    114922221                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11435418                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14646                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       919709                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229164023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187328428     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15396451      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7172814      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7053008      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1951542      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8067223      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       614563      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       448495      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1131499      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229164023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     97792339                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    114922221                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             43703360                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            28698072                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              7312                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15176070                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       102193599                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1113194                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1131499                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          354389877                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         254631194                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3912459                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              23208993                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          97792339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           114922221                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     97792339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.600293                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.600293                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.384572                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.384572                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      595960579                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     139775748                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     150783631                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        14624                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       17899299                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14637180                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1747963                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7592196                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7084096                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1842721                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77751                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173840188                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            101500803                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          17899299                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      8926817                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            21286137                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5063894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      8025474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10688006                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1759332                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    206428955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      185142818     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1156244      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1827851      0.89%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2893942      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1211697      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1359305      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1431349      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         936287      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10469462      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    206428955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070390                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.399156                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      172204380                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      9674185                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        21220826                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        52866                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3276696                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      2935159                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          435                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    123958703                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2816                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3276696                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      172457854                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2029708                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      6888760                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        21024490                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       751445                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    123876575                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        29354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       212534                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       274531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        52348                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    171960942                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    576254988                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    576254988                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    146964930                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       24995978                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        32065                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17853                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2226554                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     11817500                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6352992                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191534                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1438216                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        123701351                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       117174448                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148377                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15507377                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34441298                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3506                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206428955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156973568     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19879335      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10858567      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7392799      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6900727      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1995353      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1540097      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528745      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359764      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206428955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27172     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82284     38.23%     50.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105788     49.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98153285     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1849581      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14210      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10838635      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6318737      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    117174448                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.460793                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215244                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    441141469                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139242184                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115303564                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    117389692                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       354467                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2117587                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          301                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1318                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186717                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7282                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           62                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3276696                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1273262                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107727                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123733650                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11817500                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6352992                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17849                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79926                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1318                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1024074                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       994440                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2018514                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115517292                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10194528                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1657153                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           16511724                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16264854                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6317196                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.454276                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            115304394                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           115303564                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        67417525                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       176071105                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.453436                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382899                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86326653                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    105814547                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17919633                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28658                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1785420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203152259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160196930     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20800801     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8098269      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4366806      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3268009      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1824200      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1123612      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006974      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2466658      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203152259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     86326653                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    105814547                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             15866188                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             9699913                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             14298                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15189281                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        95346780                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2149610                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2466658                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          324419209                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         250745283                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2815063                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              47859753                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          86326653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           105814547                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     86326653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.945657                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.945657                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.339483                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.339483                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      520948453                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     159824155                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     115629355                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        28632                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22034174                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18344535                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1999084                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8454925                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8071778                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2371465                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92903                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191663174                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            120846120                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22034174                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10443243                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25197734                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5566322                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     17759201                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11899318                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1910783                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    238175539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      212977805     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1546134      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1950660      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3090577      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1307348      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1683776      0.71%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1947257      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         892637      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12779345      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    238175539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086650                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.475232                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      190539676                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     18997658                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25077831                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        11817                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3548555                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3355095                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          543                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    147733775                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2606                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3548555                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      190733528                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        616685                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     17840329                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24895821                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       540617                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    146821843                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        77483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       377083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    205043661                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    682792404                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    682792404                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    171685636                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       33358000                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        35572                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18544                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1902431                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13754086                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7191674                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81262                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1627863                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143344630                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35705                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       137567412                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127415                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17311469                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35204600                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1354                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238175539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179887263     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26578036     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10876767      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6088669      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8259552      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2537129      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2496521      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1345960      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105642      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238175539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        937492     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129277     10.87%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122704     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115892107     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1880977      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17027      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12607465      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7169836      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    137567412                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.540989                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1189473                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008646                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514627247                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160692467                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133985118                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    138756885                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102277                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2595173                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          665                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100605                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3548555                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        468844                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59344                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143380344                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       112889                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13754086                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7191674                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18545                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51861                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          665                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181002                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125028                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2306030                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135169207                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12401999                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2398201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19571189                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19119392                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7169190                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531558                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            133985562                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           133985118                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        80292497                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       215667541                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.526902                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372298                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99883179                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    123079391                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20301513                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34351                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2016208                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234626984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182537558     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26399234     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9579472      4.08%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4775776      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4372028      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1833810      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1815673      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       864779      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2448654      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234626984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99883179                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    123079391                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18249979                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11158913                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17136                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17840059                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110811543                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2541568                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2448654                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          375558532                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         290310399                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2904545                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              16113169                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99883179                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           123079391                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99883179                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.545861                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.545861                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392794                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392794                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      608198217                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     187223222                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     136624834                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        34322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       17499567                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15617358                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1387232                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11586633                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11402142                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1049861                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41840                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184677343                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             99369933                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          17499567                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     12452003                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            22144562                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4560352                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      7444570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11170571                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1361643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    217431769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      195287207     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3374932      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1701526      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3333700      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1069291      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3086529      1.42%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         487055      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         795283      0.37%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        8296246      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    217431769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068818                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.390776                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      182910504                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      9253906                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        22100804                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        17675                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3148876                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1661204                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        16404                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    111171504                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        31163                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3148876                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      183111134                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       5966146                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2650597                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        21901661                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       653351                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    111009300                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        86474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       500872                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    145494577                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    503103332                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    503103332                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    118022732                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       27471819                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        14899                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7532                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1504804                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     19990680                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3258860                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20508                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       742768                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        110432130                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14952                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       103416914                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67254                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19901817                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40723071                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           92                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217431769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172099748     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14256258      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15197184      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8791911      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4537506      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1139505      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1351418      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31414      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26825      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217431769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173407     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71464     23.55%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58523     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     81111237     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       811401      0.78%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7368      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18255549     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3231359      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    103416914                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.406691                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303394                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    424636245                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    130349165                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100805414                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    103720308                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        83022                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4053599                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          275                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3148876                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       5221201                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78602                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110447163                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5177                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19990680                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3258860                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7529                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        37616                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2071                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          275                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       933914                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       537945                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1471859                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    102108234                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17996289                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1308680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           21227505                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       15524815                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3231216                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.401545                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            100828257                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           100805414                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        60988595                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       132919085                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.396421                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458840                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80294981                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     90409170                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20042449                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14860                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1378457                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    214282893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180624989     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13224226      6.17%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8496520      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2674257      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4433358      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       866538      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       549338      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       502353      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2911314      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    214282893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     80294981                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     90409170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19115385                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            15937074                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7414                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         13872039                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        79011425                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1131385                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2911314                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          321822899                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         224054625                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4118432                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              36856939                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          80294981                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            90409170                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     80294981                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.166932                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.166932                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.315763                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.315763                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      474602047                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     131354482                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     118056515                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        14846                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18652631                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15298469                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1829362                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7831825                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7292723                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1916873                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82826                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178248053                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            105984671                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18652631                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9209596                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23322357                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5180939                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     16761959                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10980624                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1818284                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    221652069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      198329712     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        2528948      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2931963      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        1610856      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1843347      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1026367      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         695466      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1800740      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10884670      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    221652069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073352                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.416789                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      176790908                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     18246472                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23126707                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       185374                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3302606                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3024798                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17096                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    129376304                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        84961                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3302606                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      177074953                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6187556                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     11262912                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23035947                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       788093                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    129296030                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       202248                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       363554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    179709172                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    601959486                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    601959486                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    153652364                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       26056808                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        34221                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19222                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2108852                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12351510                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6723413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1488146                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        129091402                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34307                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       122094052                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171119                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15967147                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36791208                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221652069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170188068     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20714035      9.35%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11125634      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7690252      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6724257      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3435124      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       837764      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536719      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400216      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221652069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32165     12.29%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111336     42.53%     54.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118288     45.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102202260     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1906735      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14964      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11294133      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6675960      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    122094052                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.480139                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            261789                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002144                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466273081                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145094013                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120063586                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    122355841                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       309008                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2170167                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          730                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       135892                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7481                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3556                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3302606                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5755860                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135946                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129125823                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        60815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12351510                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6723413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19232                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        94929                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1063322                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023087                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2086409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120291082                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10609774                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1802970                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 114                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           17284274                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16837285                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6674500                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473049                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            120065522                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           120063586                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        71367830                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       186854530                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472155                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381943                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90229254                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    110700415                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18426811                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1839863                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218349463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173121216     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20975020      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8788436      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5285329      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3654176      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2365098      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1222874      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       985414      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1951900      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218349463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     90229254                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    110700415                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             16768864                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10181343                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             15058                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15843156                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        99800872                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2252223                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1951900                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          345524178                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         261557131                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2730986                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              32636639                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          90229254                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           110700415                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     90229254                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.818251                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.818251                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.354830                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.354830                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      542640357                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     166646076                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     120757544                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        30154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19626388                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16059033                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1921251                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8160975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7728673                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2029138                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87590                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189149934                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            109738448                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19626388                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9757811                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            22910975                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5235336                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     10258914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3782                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           59                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11572763                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1922573                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    225612815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      202701840     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1069037      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1696474      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2299073      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2365490      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1998811      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1118777      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1665320      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10697993      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    225612815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077182                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.431551                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      187206419                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     12222765                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        22868814                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        26030                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3288786                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3230101                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          365                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    134665234                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1942                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3288786                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      187719083                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1668545                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      9364674                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        22388136                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1183588                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    134615574                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       175621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       507895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    187852019                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    626227805                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    626227805                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    162986605                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       24865405                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        33645                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17623                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         3514823                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12604310                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6829628                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80321                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1629307                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        134456690                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33763                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       127750686                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17553                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14768182                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35267728                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1450                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225612815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171542442     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22245117      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11265141      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8489113      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6672815      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2694086      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1700514      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       885522      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118065      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225612815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24536     11.57%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77792     36.69%     48.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       109688     51.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107447602     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1904567      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16020      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11574836      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6807661      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    127750686                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.502384                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212016                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    481343754                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149259157                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125828891                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    127962702                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       260319                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2016090                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          525                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93674                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3288786                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1380385                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116416                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134490586                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        30360                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12604310                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6829628                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17625                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98201                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          525                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1119853                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1076945                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2196798                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125980811                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10890405                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1769873                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           17697802                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17905141                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6807397                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.495424                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            125829113                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           125828891                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        72226993                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       194626073                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.494827                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95010214                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    116909111                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17581478                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32313                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1945470                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222324029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174357603     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23774568     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8984900      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4280615      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3609888      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2070616      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1809361      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       817724      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2618754      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222324029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     95010214                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    116909111                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             17324174                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10588220                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16120                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16858387                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       105333810                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2407417                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2618754                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          354195214                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         272270026                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2868082                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              28675893                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          95010214                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           116909111                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     95010214                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.676435                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.676435                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.373631                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.373631                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      567014830                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     175283302                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     124837372                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        32286                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       17188773                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15510488                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       901186                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6396610                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6138531                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         948776                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39637                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182366945                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            108035299                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          17188773                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      7087307                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            21362909                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       2843917                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     25352465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10462428                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       904917                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    231002670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      209639761     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         759138      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1553679      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         666238      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        3545616      1.53%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3167867      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         610489      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1285471      0.56%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        9774411      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    231002670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067596                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.424853                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      180464359                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     27266404                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        21283818                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        68241                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      1919843                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1508664                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          483                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    126683281                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2766                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      1919843                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      180707426                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles      25347354                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1093455                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        21137749                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       796838                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    126615192                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       406733                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       264361                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5250                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    148664311                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    596309956                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    596309956                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    131758453                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       16905852                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        14685                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7415                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1856896                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     29869280                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     15101964                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138024                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       733315                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        126371568                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14729                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       121425009                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70265                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9844669                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23698602                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231002670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187400639     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13311058      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10769487      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4655389      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5818495      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5509765      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3133614      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249463      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154760      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231002670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        304830     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2334493     86.22%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68313      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76179364     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1060587      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7268      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29112579     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15065211     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    121425009                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.477508                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2707636                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022299                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476630589                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136234084                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120382652                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    124132645                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       216950                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1169314                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          456                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3123                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95740                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10701                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      1919843                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles      24733312                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       239068                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126386377                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29869280                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15101964                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7417                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       147814                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          107                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3123                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       523009                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       534459                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1057468                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120573857                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29017628                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       851152                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           44081373                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       15799526                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         15063745                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.474161                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            120385877                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           120382652                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        65043910                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       128452755                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.473409                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506364                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97796757                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    114927203                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11473078                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14646                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       920853                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229082827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320298                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187244540     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15401534      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7168094      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7051667      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1953332      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8069373      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       615378      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       449253      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1129656      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229082827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     97796757                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    114927203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             43706182                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            28699963                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              7312                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15176722                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       102197934                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1113196                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1129656                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          354353166                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         254720596                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3915131                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              23286038                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          97796757                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           114927203                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     97796757                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.600175                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.600175                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.384589                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.384589                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      596049799                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     139813287                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     150818043                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        14624                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       22052039                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18358837                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1999545                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8506093                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8083457                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2373264                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93073                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191873648                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            120953406                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          22052039                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10456721                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25218681                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5559540                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     17557214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           60                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11910087                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1910976                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    238194676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      212975995     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1547749      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1955676      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3094288      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1306579      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1683800      0.71%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1951163      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         892547      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12786879      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    238194676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.086720                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.475654                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      190747304                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     18795801                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25098349                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        11955                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3541265                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3358104                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          554                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    147835310                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2285                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3541265                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      190940693                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        618443                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     17636580                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24916962                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       540729                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    146922103                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        78186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       377194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    205203558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    683267557                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    683267557                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    171927587                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       33275971                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        35724                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18672                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1900602                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13741539                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7200498                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81203                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634916                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143449062                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35856                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       137717132                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       125799                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17242585                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34968019                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1457                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238194676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179830439     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26620647     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10891120      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6097897      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8263468      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2538876      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2499137      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347256      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105836      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238194676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938984     78.96%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127376     10.71%     89.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122846     10.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116017569     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883843      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17051      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12619905      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7178764      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    137717132                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.541578                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1189206                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008635                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514943945                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160728163                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134135139                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    138906338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102663                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2566918                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          662                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99460                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3541265                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        470516                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59222                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143484922                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113434                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13741539                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7200498                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18673                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51842                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          662                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183507                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1123329                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2306836                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135318249                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12416901                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2398883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19594998                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19142006                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7178097                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.532144                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            134135600                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           134135139                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        80380432                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       215869522                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.527492                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372357                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100023882                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    123252774                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20232742                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34399                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2016698                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234653411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182489676     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26435050     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9593348      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4786288      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4376851      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1838347      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1815893      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865997      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451961      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234653411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100023882                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    123252774                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18275659                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11174621                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             17160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17865191                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110967647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2545149                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2451961                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          375686264                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290512316                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2903242                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              16094032                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100023882                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           123252774                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100023882                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.542280                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.542280                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393348                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393348                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      608890141                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     187437348                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     136753240                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        34370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254288641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19683858                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16104094                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1920815                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8044344                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7736405                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2034103                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87538                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189514319                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            110117018                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19683858                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9770508                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            22971929                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5250651                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     10195326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           73                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11593797                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1922320                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    225988130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      203016201     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1066655      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1694291      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2303746      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2369811      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2005649      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1121510      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1673121      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10737146      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    225988130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077408                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.433039                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      187563664                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     12164682                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        22928987                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        26339                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3304457                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3241818                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    135105282                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1962                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3304457                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      188074996                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1702986                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      9267982                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22449864                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1187842                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    135058992                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       176120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       509809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    188468655                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    628312480                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    628312480                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    163407773                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       25060751                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        33476                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17413                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         3527271                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12630448                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6852992                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80477                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1687679                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        134906572                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       128117959                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17611                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14904315                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35694274                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1198                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225988130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171738609     75.99%     75.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22343512      9.89%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11298507      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8504247      3.76%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6688098      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2704055      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1704879      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       887033      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       119190      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225988130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24369     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78008     36.64%     48.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110525     51.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107752882     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1914235      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16061      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11603644      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6831137      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    128117959                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.503829                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212902                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482454561                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149845011                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126199709                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    128330861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       261222                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2014662                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          532                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99475                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3304457                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1413229                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116866                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134940305                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6786                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12630448                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6852992                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17415                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98661                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          532                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1116430                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1080546                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2196976                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126352312                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10919574                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1765647                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           17750450                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17954179                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6830876                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.496885                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            126199960                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           126199709                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        72438619                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       195197512                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.496285                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95255979                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    117211648                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17728570                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1945100                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222683673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174558498     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23871225     10.72%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8999048      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4296647      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3640728      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2077675      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1798509      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       820699      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2620644      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222683673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     95255979                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    117211648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             17369282                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10615776                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16902052                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       105606339                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2413643                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2620644                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          355002584                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         273185056                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2871249                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              28300511                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          95255979                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           117211648                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     95255979                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.669529                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.669529                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.374598                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.374598                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      568678194                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     175789027                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     125261602                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        32368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         8268                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.217649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         214125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        10312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        20.764643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.153237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     6.694765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1380.432244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         621.937403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.003269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.674039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.303680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 26948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  27154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27152                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 27154                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                8268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 8268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                8268                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6702842293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6804201576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6702842293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     6804201576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6702842293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    6804201576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             35216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              35422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             35422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814539.104751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822956.165457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814539.104751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822956.165457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814539.104751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822956.165457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            8268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5980174910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6078109993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5980174910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6078109993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5980174910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6078109993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726719.517560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735136.670658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726719.517560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735136.670658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726719.517560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735136.670658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        17345                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.836285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         156032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        19393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         8.045790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.770118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.739592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1661.659680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         354.666894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.811357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.173177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        32606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 32607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                5863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        32671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  32672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        32671                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 32672                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               17344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                17344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17310                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               17344                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52459833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13968108175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14020568008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52459833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13968108175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    14020568008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52459833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13968108175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   14020568008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        49916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             49951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            5863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        49981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              50016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        49981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             50016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1542936.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 806938.658290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 808381.458026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1542936.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 806938.658290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 808381.458026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1542936.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 806938.658290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 808381.458026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               2343                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    2343                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           17344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          17344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     49474633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12447723142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12497197775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     49474633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12447723142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12497197775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     49474633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12447723142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12497197775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1455136.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 719105.900751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720548.764702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1455136.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 719105.900751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720548.764702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1455136.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 719105.900751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720548.764702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         8274                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.218412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         214093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        10319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        20.747456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.152575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     6.698301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1380.392925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         621.974611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.003271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.674020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.303699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 26915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8404                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                8404                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  27121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27119                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 27121                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                8275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 8275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8236                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                8275                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104604184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6669056482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6773660666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104604184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6669056482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     6773660666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104604184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6669056482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    6773660666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        35149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             35190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8404                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            8404                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        35355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              35396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        35355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             35396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.234317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2682158.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809744.594706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818569.264773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2682158.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809744.594706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818569.264773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2682158.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809744.594706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818569.264773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               4345                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    4345                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            8275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           8275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101179984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5945824276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6047004260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101179984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5945824276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6047004260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101179984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5945824276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6047004260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.234317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2594358.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 721931.067994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730755.801813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2594358.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 721931.067994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730755.801813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2594358.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 721931.067994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730755.801813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        32655                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.939654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         200135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        34703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         5.767081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.696611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.137313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1804.811573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         237.294157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.881256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.115866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 38564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12300                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               12300                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  38592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38591                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 38592                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               32620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                32658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32615                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               32658                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76308440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  30947851661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31024160101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     58020284                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     58020284                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76308440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  31005871945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    31082180385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76308440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  31005871945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   31082180385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             71184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12300                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           12300                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              71250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             71250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.457928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1774614.883721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 949990.842036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951077.869436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1526849.578947                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1526849.578947                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1774614.883721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 950662.944811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 951747.822432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1774614.883721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 950662.944811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 951747.822432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5143                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5143                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           32658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          32658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72532343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28087280565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28159812908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     54683884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54683884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72532343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28141964449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28214496792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72532343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28141964449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28214496792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.457928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1686798.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 862181.310894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863268.329491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1439049.578947                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439049.578947                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1686798.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 862853.424774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863938.293588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1686798.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 862853.424774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863938.293588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         8273                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.220500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         214161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        10318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        20.756057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.154516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     6.692439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1380.551149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         621.822396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.003268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.674097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.303624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 26965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8422                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                8422                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  27171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27169                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 27171                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                8274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 8274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8235                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                8274                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    101694535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6688046213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6789740748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    101694535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6688046213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     6789740748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    101694535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6688046213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    6789740748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        35198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             35239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8422                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            8422                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        35404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              35445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        35404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             35445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.232601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.232601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2607552.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812148.902611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820611.644670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2607552.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812148.902611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820611.644670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2607552.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812148.902611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820611.644670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               4344                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    4344                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            8274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           8274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     98270335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5964934113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6063204448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     98270335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5964934113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6063204448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     98270335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5964934113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6063204448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.232601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.232601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2519752.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724339.297268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732802.084602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2519752.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724339.297268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732802.084602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2519752.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724339.297268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732802.084602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        17546                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.530104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         225772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        19594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        11.522507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.698597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.852315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1631.374683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         380.604509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.796570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.185842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        32885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 32886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17938                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               17938                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  33027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33026                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 33027                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               17531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                17536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17501                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               17536                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58421931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14756259637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14814681568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4366484                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4366484                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58421931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14760626121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    14819048052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58421931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14760626121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   14819048052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        50381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             50417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17938                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           17938                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        50527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              50563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        50527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             50563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.034247                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.034247                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1669198.028571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 843407.615283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 845056.275626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 873296.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873296.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1669198.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 843416.154563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 845064.327783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1669198.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 843416.154563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 845064.327783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               9551                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    9551                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           17536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          17536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55348931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13219871828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13275220759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3927484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3927484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55348931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13223799312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13279148243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55348931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13223799312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13279148243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.034247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1581398.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 755593.954504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757242.642120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 785496.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785496.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1581398.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 755602.497686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757250.698164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1581398.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 755602.497686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757250.698164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        32681                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.938100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         200158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        34729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.763425                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.692314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     1.950322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1805.560151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         236.735313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.881621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.115593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 38544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12342                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               12342                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  38573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38572                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 38573                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               32646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                32683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32644                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               32683                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70070914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31151102936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31221173850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     61671448                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     61671448                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70070914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31212774384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    31282845298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70070914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31212774384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   31282845298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             71190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12342                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           12342                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              71256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             71256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.560606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.560606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1796690.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 955350.168246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 956355.260981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1666795.891892                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1666795.891892                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1796690.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 956156.548952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957159.541597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1796690.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 956156.548952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957159.541597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5152                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5152                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           32683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          32683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66645771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28287617883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28354263654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     58421987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58421987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66645771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28346039870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28412685641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66645771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28346039870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28412685641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.560606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1708865.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 867532.060079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868537.145561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1578972.621622                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1578972.621622                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1708865.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 868338.434934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869341.420341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1708865.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 868338.434934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869341.420341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        32736                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.938735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         200309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        34784                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.758653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.701666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.090267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1806.374017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         235.772784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.882019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.115123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 38649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12388                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               12388                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  38678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38677                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 38678                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               32700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                32737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32694                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               32737                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     85796345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  30971007005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31056803350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     59205948                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     59205948                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     85796345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31030212953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    31116009298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     85796345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31030212953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   31116009298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        71305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             71349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12388                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           12388                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        71371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              71415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        71371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             71415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.560606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.560606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.458085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.458085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995263.837209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 948372.692072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949749.337920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1600160.756757                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1600160.756757                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995263.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 949110.324616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 950484.445673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995263.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 949110.324616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 950484.445673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5159                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5159                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           32737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          32737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82020945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28103602193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28185623138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     55956380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55956380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82020945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28159558573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28241579518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82020945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28159558573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28241579518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.560606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.458085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.458085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1907463.837209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 860569.011024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861945.661713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1512334.594595                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512334.594595                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1907463.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 861306.618126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862680.744051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1907463.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 861306.618126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862680.744051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        27947                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.598520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         161237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        29995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.375463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.487688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.660750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1641.860434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         390.589647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.801690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.190718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 35012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7272                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                7272                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  35100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35099                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 35100                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               27908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                27937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27899                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               27937                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     48382644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25751273818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25799656462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     20887255                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     20887255                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     48382644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25772161073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    25820543717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     48382644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25772161073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   25820543717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        62881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             62920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7272                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            7272                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        62998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              63037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        62998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             63037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.443218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1273227.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 923978.249659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924453.793249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 720250.172414                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 720250.172414                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1273227.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 923766.481702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 924241.819701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1273227.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 923766.481702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 924241.819701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               4151                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    4151                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           27937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          27937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     45046244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23303875616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23348921860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     18341055                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18341055                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     45046244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23322216671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23367262915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     45046244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23322216671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23367262915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.443218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1185427.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836163.459490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836639.023219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 632450.172414                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 632450.172414                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1185427.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 835951.706907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836427.065003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1185427.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 835951.706907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836427.065003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         8264                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.223516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         214054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        10308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        20.765813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.158342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     6.705365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1380.078564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         622.281245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.003274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.673866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.303848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        26892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 26894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8394                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                8394                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  27100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27098                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 27100                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                8264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 8264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8225                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                8264                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6843879130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6951090456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6843879130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     6951090456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6843879130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    6951090456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             35158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8394                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            8394                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              35364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             35364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 832082.568997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 841129.048403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 832082.568997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 841129.048403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 832082.568997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 841129.048403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4340                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4340                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            8264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           8264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6121113917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6224892043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6121113917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6224892043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6121113917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6224892043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 744208.378967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753254.119434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 744208.378967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753254.119434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 744208.378967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753254.119434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        17464                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.836793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         156323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        19512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         8.011634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.655327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.766818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1662.448546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         352.966102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.811742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.172347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        32796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 32797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5964                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                5964                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        32861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  32862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        32861                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 32862                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               17463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                17463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17428                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               17463                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     36977899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13613130019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13650107918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     36977899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13613130019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    13650107918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     36977899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13613130019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   13650107918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        50224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             50260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5964                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            5964                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        50289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              50325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        50289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             50325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.347005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1056511.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781106.840659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 781658.816813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1056511.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781106.840659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 781658.816813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1056511.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781106.840659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 781658.816813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2353                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2353                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           17463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          17463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     33904899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12082773545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12116678444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     33904899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12082773545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12116678444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     33904899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12082773545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12116678444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.347005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 968711.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 693296.622963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 693848.619596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 968711.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 693296.622963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 693848.619596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 968711.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 693296.622963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 693848.619596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        17463                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.517900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         225645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        19511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        11.565015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.875059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.955419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1628.417072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         383.270351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.795126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.187144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 32778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17922                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               17922                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  32919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32918                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 32919                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               17445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                17452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17416                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               17452                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67143077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14839536621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14906679698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5654846                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5654846                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67143077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14845191467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    14912334544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67143077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14845191467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   14912334544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        50186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             50223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17922                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           17922                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        50334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              50371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        50334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             50371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.047297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.047297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1865085.472222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 852406.032569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 854495.826770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 807835.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 807835.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1865085.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 852388.118225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 854477.111162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1865085.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 852388.118225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 854477.111162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               9527                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    9527                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           17452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          17452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63980439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13310390456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13374370895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5039606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5039606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63980439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13315430062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13379410501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63980439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13315430062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13379410501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.047297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1777234.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 764569.501752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766659.265979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 719943.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719943.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1777234.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 764551.565342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766640.528364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1777234.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 764551.565342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766640.528364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        11475                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.461130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         191282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        13523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        14.144938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.947463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     5.614930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1509.199190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         505.699547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.736914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.246924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 27284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8772                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                8772                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  27427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27425                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 27427                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               11472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                11472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11429                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               11472                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107029690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9505862013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9612891703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107029690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9505862013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     9612891703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107029690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9505862013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    9612891703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        38711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             38756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8772                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            8772                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        38854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              38899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        38854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             38899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.295239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.296006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2489062.558140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 831731.736197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837943.837430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2489062.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 831731.736197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 837943.837430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2489062.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 831731.736197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 837943.837430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5021                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5021                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           11471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          11471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103253756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8501580949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8604834705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103253756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8501580949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8604834705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103253756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8501580949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8604834705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.295213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2401250.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 743925.529314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750138.148810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2401250.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 743925.529314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750138.148810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2401250.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 743925.529314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750138.148810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        32753                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.941301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         200251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        34801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.754174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.693592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     1.983463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1806.907383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         235.356862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.882279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.114920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 38631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12350                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               12350                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  38658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38657                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 38658                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               32714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                32753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32714                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               32753                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     88768233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  30906264172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30995032405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     65823843                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     65823843                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     88768233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  30972088015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    31060856248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     88768233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  30972088015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   31060856248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             71345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12350                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           12350                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              71411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             71411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.590909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.590909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2276108.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 945868.834644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947454.680106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1687790.846154                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1687790.846154                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2276108.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 946753.317081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948336.221048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2276108.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 946753.317081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948336.221048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5166                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5166                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           32753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          32753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85343489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28036910989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28122254478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     62398462                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62398462                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85343489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28099309451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28184652940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85343489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28099309451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28184652940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.590909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2188294.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 858053.894078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859639.740723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1599960.564103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599960.564103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2188294.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 858938.358226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860521.263396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2188294.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 858938.358226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860521.263396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         8279                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.227987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         214179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        10324                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        20.745738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.155518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     7.298424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1381.954168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         619.819877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.003564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.674782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.302646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        26976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 26978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8427                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                8427                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        27181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  27183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        27181                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 27183                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                8280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 8280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8239                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                8280                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95782294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6742124723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6837907017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95782294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6742124723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     6837907017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95782294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6742124723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    6837907017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             35258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8427                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            8427                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              35463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             35463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.232609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.232609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2336153.512195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 818318.330259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825834.180797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2336153.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 818318.330259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 825834.180797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2336153.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 818318.330259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 825834.180797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4345                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4345                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            8280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           8280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92181288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6018549733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6110731021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92181288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6018549733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6110731021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92181288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6018549733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6110731021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.232609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.232609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2248324.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 730495.173322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738010.992874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2248324.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 730495.173322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738010.992874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2248324.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 730495.173322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738010.992874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        11515                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.454630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         191415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        13562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        14.114069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.930262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     5.557554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1509.320171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         505.646643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.736973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.246898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 27386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                8802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  27534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27532                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 27534                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               11514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                11514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11471                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               11514                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94696391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9295754353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9390450744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94696391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9295754353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     9390450744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94696391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9295754353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    9390450744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        38855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             38900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            8802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              39048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             39048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2202241.651163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810370.007236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815568.068786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2202241.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810370.007236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815568.068786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2202241.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810370.007236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815568.068786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5041                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5041                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           11513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          11513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90920465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8287987229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8378907694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90920465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8287987229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8378907694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90920465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8287987229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8378907694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2114429.418605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722579.531735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727777.963519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2114429.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722579.531735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727777.963519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2114429.418605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722579.531735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727777.963519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              495.482345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011922424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2040166.177419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.482345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.064876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11914324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11914324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11914324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163371178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4584.313438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.472966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.527034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9506784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9506784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16569314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16569314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        93002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        93002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        93002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        93002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20426699388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20426699388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134413196                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134413196                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20561112584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20561112584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20561112584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20561112584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9597697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9597697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16662316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16662316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 224684.031855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224684.031855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64343.320249                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64343.320249                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221082.477624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221082.477624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221082.477624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221082.477624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11713                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  5856.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57621                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57621                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8523884326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8523884326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15041938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15041938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8538926264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8538926264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8538926264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8538926264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 242327.912608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242327.912608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73019.116505                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73019.116505                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241342.140245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241342.140245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241342.140245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241342.140245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              558.798708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              927859657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1650995.830961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    33.623118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.175590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.053883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11132212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11132212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11132212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11132212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11132212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11132212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60341925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60341925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60341925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60341925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60341925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60341925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11132257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11132257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11132257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11132257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11132257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11132257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1340931.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1340931.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1340931.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1340931.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1340931.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1340931.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52856948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52856948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52856948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52856948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52856948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52856948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1510198.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1510198.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1510198.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1510198.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1510198.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1510198.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                49981                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              222213654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                50237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4423.306607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   202.719945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    53.280055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.791875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.208125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16367862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16367862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3152583                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3152583                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7462                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7462                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7400                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7400                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     19520445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       19520445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     19520445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      19520445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       176567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       176852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       176852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       176852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       176852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  80439135215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80439135215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     24447202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24447202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  80463582417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80463582417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  80463582417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80463582417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16544429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16544429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3152868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3152868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7462                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7462                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7400                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7400                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     19697297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19697297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     19697297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19697297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 455572.871573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 455572.871573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85779.656140                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85779.656140                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454976.943529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 454976.943529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454976.943529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 454976.943529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            5863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       126651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       126871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       126871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       126871                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       126871                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        49916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        49981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        49981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16249990751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16249990751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4220401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4220401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16254211152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16254211152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16254211152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16254211152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 325546.733532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325546.733532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64929.246154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64929.246154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 325207.802005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325207.802005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 325207.802005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325207.802005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.482555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1011927125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2040175.655242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    40.482555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.064876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11919025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11919025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11919025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11919025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11919025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11919025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    168622157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168622157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    168622157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    168622157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    168622157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    168622157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11919086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11919086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11919086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11919086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11919086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11919086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2764297.655738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2764297.655738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2764297.655738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2764297.655738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2764297.655738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2764297.655738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1895996                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       947998                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105059623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105059623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105059623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105059623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105059623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105059623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2562429.829268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2562429.829268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2562429.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2562429.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2562429.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2562429.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                35355                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              163383495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                35611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4588.006374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.474690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.525310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9514577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9514577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7067056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7067056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18276                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18276                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17191                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17191                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16581633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       16581633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16581633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      16581633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        90904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        92993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        92993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        92993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        92993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  20282981458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20282981458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    134483893                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134483893                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  20417465351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20417465351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  20417465351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20417465351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      9605481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9605481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7069145                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7069145                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18276                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18276                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17191                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17191                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16674626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16674626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16674626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16674626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 223125.291054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223125.291054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64377.162757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64377.162757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 219559.164141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219559.164141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 219559.164141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219559.164141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11763                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        11763                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8404                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8404                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        55755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        57638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        57638                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57638                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        35149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        35355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        35355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8487876682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8487876682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15041315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15041315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8502917997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8502917997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8502917997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8502917997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 241482.735839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241482.735839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 73016.092233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73016.092233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240501.145439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240501.145439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240501.145439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240501.145439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              579.924285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1038171085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1768604.914821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    39.276757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   540.647528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.062944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.866422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10455764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10455764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10455764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10455764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10455764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10455764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107912474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107912474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107912474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107912474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107912474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107912474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10455834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10455834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10455834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10455834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10455834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10455834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1541606.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1541606.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1541606.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1541606.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1541606.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1541606.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76729440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76729440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76729440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76729440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76729440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76729440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1743850.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1743850.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1743850.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1743850.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1743850.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1743850.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                71203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              443047106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                71459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              6200.018276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.901749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.098251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     27331831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27331831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14965459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14965459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     42297290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       42297290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     42297290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      42297290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       259371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       259371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       259633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       259633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       259633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       259633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 127865263109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 127865263109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    249349536                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    249349536                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 128114612645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128114612645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 128114612645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128114612645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     27591202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27591202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14965721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14965721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     42556923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42556923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     42556923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42556923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 492982.110988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492982.110988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 951715.786260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951715.786260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 493445.026807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493445.026807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 493445.026807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493445.026807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2196198                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      2196198                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12300                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           12300                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       188231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       188231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       188427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       188427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       188427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       188427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        71140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        71206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        71206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33851504714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33851504714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     60218246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60218246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33911722960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33911722960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33911722960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33911722960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475843.473629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475843.473629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 912397.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 912397.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 476248.110552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476248.110552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 476248.110552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476248.110552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              495.482783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011926373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2040174.139113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    40.482783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.064876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11918273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11918273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11918273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11918273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11918273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11918273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    150122989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150122989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    150122989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150122989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    150122989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150122989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11918331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11918331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11918331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11918331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11918331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11918331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2588327.396552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2588327.396552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2588327.396552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2588327.396552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2588327.396552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2588327.396552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2927163                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 585432.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    102163147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102163147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    102163147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102163147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    102163147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102163147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2491784.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2491784.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2491784.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2491784.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2491784.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2491784.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                35404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              163378452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                35660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4581.560628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.473541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.526459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.912006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.087994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9510290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9510290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7066154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7066154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18424                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18424                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17189                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17189                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16576444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       16576444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16576444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      16576444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        91021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        91021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        93110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        93110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        93110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        93110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20394962441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20394962441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    134427594                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134427594                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20529390035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20529390035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20529390035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20529390035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9601311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9601311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7068243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7068243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18424                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18424                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17189                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17189                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16669554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16669554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16669554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16669554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 224068.758210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224068.758210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64350.212542                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64350.212542                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 220485.340296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220485.340296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 220485.340296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220485.340296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11725                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  3908.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        55823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        57706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        57706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        35198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        35404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        35404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8510451862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8510451862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15047151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15047151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8525499013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8525499013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8525499013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8525499013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 241787.938576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241787.938576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 73044.422330                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73044.422330                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 240806.095724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240806.095724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 240806.095724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240806.095724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              517.192985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1009216054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1948293.540541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.192985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10996309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10996309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10996309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       10996309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10996309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      10996309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86447419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86447419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86447419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86447419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86447419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86447419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10996362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10996362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10996362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     10996362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10996362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     10996362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1631083.377358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1631083.377358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1631083.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1631083.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1631083.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1631083.377358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58778798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58778798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58778798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58778798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58778798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58778798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1632744.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1632744.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1632744.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1632744.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1632744.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1632744.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                50527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              170848138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                50783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3364.278164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.598911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.401089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7751794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7751794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6558453                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6558453                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15097                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15097                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14310247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       14310247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14310247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      14310247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       172978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       178187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       178187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       178187                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       178187                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  72929551354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72929551354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3295451919                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3295451919                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  76225003273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76225003273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  76225003273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76225003273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7924772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7924772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6563662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6563662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16416                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16416                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15097                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15097                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14488434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14488434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14488434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14488434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 421611.715675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421611.715675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 632645.789787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 632645.789787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 427780.945148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427780.945148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 427780.945148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427780.945148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     45117809                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets            89                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 506941.674157                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           17938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       122597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       127660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       127660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        50381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        50527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        50527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17063444047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17063444047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13518902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13518902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17076962949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17076962949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17076962949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17076962949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 338688.077787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338688.077787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92595.219178                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92595.219178                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 337976.981594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337976.981594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 337976.981594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337976.981594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              578.542542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1038160803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1780721.789022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.420172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.122370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.059968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10445482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10445482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10445482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10445482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10445482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10445482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     91183252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91183252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     91183252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91183252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     91183252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91183252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10445534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10445534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10445534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10445534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10445534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10445534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1753524.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1753524.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1753524.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1753524.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1753524.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1753524.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        53453                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        53453                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70458714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70458714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70458714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70458714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70458714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70458714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1761467.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1761467.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1761467.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1761467.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1761467.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1761467.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                71214                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              443062909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                71470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              6199.285141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.900600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.099400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     27340252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27340252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14972846                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14972846                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7319                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7319                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7302                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7302                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     42313098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       42313098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     42313098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      42313098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       261282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       261545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       261545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       261545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       261545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 129139229395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 129139229395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    233494067                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    233494067                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 129372723462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 129372723462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 129372723462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 129372723462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     27601534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27601534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14973109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14973109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7319                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7319                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7302                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7302                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     42574643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42574643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     42574643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42574643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 494252.299795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494252.299795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 887810.140684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 887810.140684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 494648.047036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494648.047036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 494648.047036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494648.047036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       574613                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       574613                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12342                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           12342                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       190132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       190329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       190329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        71150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        71216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        71216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  34054055890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34054055890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     63969845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63969845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  34118025735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34118025735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  34118025735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34118025735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 478623.413774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478623.413774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 969240.075758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969240.075758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 479078.096706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479078.096706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 479078.096706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479078.096706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              577.779497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1038174144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1768610.126065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    37.610143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   540.169353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.060273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.865656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.925929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10458823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10458823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10458823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10458823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10458823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10458823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112953668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112953668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112953668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    112953668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112953668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    112953668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10458882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10458882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10458882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10458882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10458882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10458882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1914468.949153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1914468.949153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1914468.949153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1914468.949153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1914468.949153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1914468.949153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86217345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86217345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86217345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86217345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86217345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86217345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1959485.113636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1959485.113636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1959485.113636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1959485.113636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1959485.113636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1959485.113636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                71370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              443110693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                71626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              6186.450353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.898692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.101308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     27370658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27370658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     14990202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14990202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7312                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7312                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     42360860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       42360860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     42360860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      42360860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       261578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       261833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       261833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       261833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       261833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 128625951423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128625951423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    211899286                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    211899286                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 128837850709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128837850709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 128837850709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128837850709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     27632236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27632236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14990457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14990457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7312                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7312                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     42622693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42622693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     42622693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42622693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491730.770260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491730.770260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 830977.592157                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830977.592157                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 492061.163830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492061.163830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 492061.163830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492061.163830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           12388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       190273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       190462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       190462                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190462                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        71305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        71371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        71371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  33881464486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33881464486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     61448390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61448390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  33942912876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33942912876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  33942912876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33942912876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475162.533988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475162.533988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 931036.212121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 931036.212121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475584.101049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475584.101049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475584.101049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475584.101049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              527.472918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1013355624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1915606.094518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.472918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.060053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10687943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10687943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10687943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10687943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10687943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10687943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66887896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66887896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66887896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66887896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66887896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66887896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10688006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10688006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10688006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10688006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10688006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10688006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1061712.634921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1061712.634921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1061712.634921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1061712.634921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1061712.634921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1061712.634921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     48790202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48790202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     48790202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48790202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     48790202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48790202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1251030.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1251030.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1251030.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1251030.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1251030.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1251030.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                62998                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              178963937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                63254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2829.290432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.071749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.928251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7410002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7410002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6136516                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6136516                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     13546518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       13546518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     13546518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      13546518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       164728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          837                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          837                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       165565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       165565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       165565                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       165565                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  72190057392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72190057392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    293132087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    293132087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  72483189479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72483189479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  72483189479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72483189479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7574730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7574730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6137353                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6137353                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        14316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     13712083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13712083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     13712083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13712083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 438237.927930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438237.927930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 350217.547192                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 350217.547192                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 437792.948262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437792.948262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 437792.948262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437792.948262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       333390                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       166695                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            7272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       101847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       102567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       102567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        62881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        62998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        62998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28282130252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28282130252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     26806530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26806530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28308936782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28308936782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28308936782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28308936782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 449772.272260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449772.272260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 229115.641026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229115.641026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 449362.468364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449362.468364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 449362.468364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449362.468364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              495.481188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1011907357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2040135.800403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    40.481188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.064874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11899257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11899257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11899257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11899257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11899257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11899257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11899316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11899316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11899316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11899316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11899316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11899316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3561518                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 890379.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                35323                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              163352337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                35579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4591.257118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.467486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.532514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.911982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.088018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9496212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9496212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7054303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7054303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18266                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18266                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16550515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       16550515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16550515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      16550515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        90778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        92867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        92867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  20671293283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20671293283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    134304070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134304070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  20805597353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20805597353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  20805597353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20805597353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9586990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9586990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7056392                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056392                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18266                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18266                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16643382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16643382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16643382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16643382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 227712.587664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227712.587664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64291.081857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64291.081857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 224036.496850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224036.496850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 224036.496850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224036.496850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11797                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  5898.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8394                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8394                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        55661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        57544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        57544                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57544                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8661386728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8661386728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15038254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15038254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8676424982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8676424982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8676424982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8676424982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 246643.697582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246643.697582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73001.233010                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73001.233010                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245631.033095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245631.033095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245631.033095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245631.033095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              559.096914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              927897967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1648131.380107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.879153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.217761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.054294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11170522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11170522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11170522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11170522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11170522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11170522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     42464687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42464687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     42464687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42464687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     42464687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42464687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11170571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11170571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11170571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11170571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11170571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11170571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 866626.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866626.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 866626.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 866626.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 866626.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 866626.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     37352507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37352507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     37352507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37352507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     37352507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37352507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1037569.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1037569.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1037569.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1037569.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1037569.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1037569.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                50289                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              222286395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                50545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4397.791968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   201.826011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    54.173989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.788383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.211617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16430133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16430133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3163018                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3163018                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7474                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7474                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19593151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       19593151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19593151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      19593151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       177659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       177944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       177944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       177944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       177944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  78587974580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78587974580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     24551707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24551707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  78612526287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78612526287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  78612526287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78612526287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16607792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16607792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3163303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3163303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7474                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7474                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19771095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19771095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19771095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19771095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 442352.904047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442352.904047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86146.340351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86146.340351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 441782.393826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441782.393826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 441782.393826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441782.393826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            5964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127655                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127655                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        50224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        50289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        50289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15908568980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15908568980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4234016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4234016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15912802996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15912802996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15912802996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15912802996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316752.329165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316752.329165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65138.707692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65138.707692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316427.111217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316427.111217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316427.111217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316427.111217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.586754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1009200313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1944509.273603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    35.586754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.057030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10980568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10980568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10980568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10980568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10980568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10980568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     99298559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99298559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     99298559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99298559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     99298559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99298559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10980624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10980624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10980624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10980624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10980624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10980624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1773188.553571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1773188.553571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1773188.553571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1773188.553571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1773188.553571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1773188.553571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67520923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67520923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67520923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67520923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67520923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67520923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1824889.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824889.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1824889.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824889.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1824889.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824889.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                50334                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              170828900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                50590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3376.732556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.597866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.402134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7741020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7741020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6550034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6550034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16391                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16391                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14291054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       14291054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14291054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      14291054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       172726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5195                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5195                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       177921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       177921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       177921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       177921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  73169923415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73169923415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3194474694                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3194474694                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  76364398109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76364398109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  76364398109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76364398109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7913746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7913746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6555229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6555229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16391                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16391                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14468975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14468975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14468975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14468975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 423618.467486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423618.467486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 614913.319346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 614913.319346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 429203.961921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429203.961921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 429203.961921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429203.961921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     41194675                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets            86                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 479007.848837                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           17922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       122540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       127587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       127587                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127587                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        50186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        50334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        50334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17138604431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17138604431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     14844609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14844609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17153449040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17153449040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17153449040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17153449040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 341501.702287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341501.702287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100301.412162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100301.412162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340792.486987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340792.486987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340792.486987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340792.486987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              519.263235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1008485164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1939394.546154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    44.263235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.070935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11572693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11572693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11572693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11572693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11572693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11572693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    139447910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    139447910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    139447910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    139447910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    139447910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    139447910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11572761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11572761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11572761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11572761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11572761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11572761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2050704.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2050704.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2050704.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2050704.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2050704.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2050704.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2913562                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 582712.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107566889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107566889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107566889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107566889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107566889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107566889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2390375.311111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2390375.311111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2390375.311111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2390375.311111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2390375.311111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2390375.311111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                38854                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              165325456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                39110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4227.191409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.516061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.483939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7962105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7962105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6704105                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6704105                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17505                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17505                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16143                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16143                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14666210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       14666210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14666210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      14666210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       124326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       125166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       125166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       125166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       125166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  42592564954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42592564954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     70661602                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70661602                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  42663226556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42663226556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  42663226556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42663226556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8086431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8086431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6704945                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6704945                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17505                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17505                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16143                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16143                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14791376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14791376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14791376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14791376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 342587.752795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342587.752795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84120.954762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84120.954762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 340853.159452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340853.159452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 340853.159452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340853.159452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        85615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        86312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        86312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        38711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        38854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        38854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11379268442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11379268442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9228675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9228675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11388497117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11388497117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11388497117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11388497117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 293954.391310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293954.391310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64536.188811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64536.188811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 293110.030293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293110.030293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 293110.030293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293110.030293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              578.616053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1038177693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1780750.759863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.538015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.078038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.060157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10462372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10462372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10462372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10462372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10462372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10462372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    114746762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114746762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    114746762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114746762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    114746762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114746762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10462428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10462428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10462428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10462428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10462428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10462428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2049049.321429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2049049.321429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2049049.321429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2049049.321429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2049049.321429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2049049.321429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       708226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       708226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     89172571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89172571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     89172571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89172571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     89172571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89172571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2229314.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2229314.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2229314.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2229314.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2229314.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2229314.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                71371                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              443115522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                71627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              6186.431402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.897959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.102041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     27374590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27374590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14991104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14991104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7312                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7312                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     42365694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       42365694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     42365694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      42365694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       261599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          284                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          284                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       261883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       261883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       261883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       261883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128281029727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128281029727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    257187064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    257187064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128538216791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128538216791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128538216791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128538216791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     27636189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27636189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14991388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14991388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7312                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7312                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     42627577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42627577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     42627577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42627577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 490372.783256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490372.783256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 905588.253521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 905588.253521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 490823.065228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490823.065228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 490823.065228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490823.065228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1236782                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       618391                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           12350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       190294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       190512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       190512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        71305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        71371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        71371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  33815623350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33815623350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     67944186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67944186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  33883567536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33883567536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  33883567536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33883567536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 474239.160648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474239.160648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1029457.363636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1029457.363636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 474752.596096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474752.596096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 474752.596096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474752.596096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              497.232291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1011918123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2031964.102410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    42.232291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.067680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.796847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11910023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11910023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11910023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11910023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11910023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11910023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    140692322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140692322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    140692322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    140692322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    140692322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    140692322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11910085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11910085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11910085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11910085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11910085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11910085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2278979                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 759659.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96253299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96253299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96253299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96253299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96253299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96253299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2238448.813953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2238448.813953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2238448.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2238448.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2238448.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2238448.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                35420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              163372657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                35676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4579.343452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.471379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.528621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.911998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.088002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9506461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9506461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7064225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7064225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18391                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18391                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16570686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       16570686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16570686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      16570686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        91110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        91110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2091                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2091                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        93201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        93201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        93201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        93201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  20544456913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20544456913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    134571398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134571398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  20679028311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20679028311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  20679028311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20679028311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9597571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9597571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7066316                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7066316                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18391                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18391                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16663887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16663887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16663887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16663887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 225490.691615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225490.691615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64357.435677                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64357.435677                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 221875.605530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221875.605530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 221875.605530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221875.605530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8427                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8427                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        55895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        57781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        57781                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57781                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8565086988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8565086988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14960401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14960401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8580047389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8580047389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8580047389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8580047389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 243222.688854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243222.688854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 72977.565854                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72977.565854                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 242237.362761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242237.362761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 242237.362761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242237.362761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              519.223161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1008506206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1939435.011538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    44.223161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.070870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11593735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11593735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11593735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11593735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11593735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11593735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    108637920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108637920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    108637920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108637920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    108637920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108637920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11593794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11593794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11593794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11593794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11593794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11593794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1841320.677966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1841320.677966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1841320.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1841320.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1841320.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1841320.677966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1984473                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 330745.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95217011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95217011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95217011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95217011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95217011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95217011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2115933.577778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2115933.577778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2115933.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2115933.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2115933.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2115933.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                39003                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              165364186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                39259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4212.134441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.517376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.482624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7983579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7983579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6721536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6721536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14705115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14705115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14705115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14705115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       124795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       125669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       125669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       125669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       125669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  41733943024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41733943024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     73706630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73706630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  41807649654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41807649654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  41807649654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41807649654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8108374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8108374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6722410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6722410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14830784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14830784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14830784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14830784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 334419.992980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334419.992980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84332.528604                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84332.528604                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 332680.690178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332680.690178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 332680.690178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332680.690178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        85940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        86666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        86666                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86666                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        38855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11176285521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11176285521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9545838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9545838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11185831359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11185831359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11185831359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11185831359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 287640.857573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287640.857573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64498.905405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64498.905405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 286794.127606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286794.127606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 286794.127606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286794.127606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
